Do you think other people think that you
are the Messiah?
>> Came out of a conference speaking and
when I walked out the door, this mad
lady comes running up to me and tries to
kidnap me.
>> What?
>> Yeah.
My job is to share a truth that
everyone's been told is not real.
It was 19 years ago on January the 8th
of 2007. I was down and out and lost
[music] everything. Lost my home and I'm
having to apply for free lunch for my
kids. Sick with Crohn's disease. And if
anybody has Crohn's knows how bad that
is. You know, you're in a restroom
[music] 10 times a day. I was at 20
times a day at that point in my life. In
January [music] of 2007, while fishing
with friends in North Carolina, Chris
Bledsoe witnessed a series of bright,
intelligently [music]
moving orbs in the sky. That moment
doesn't end. It starts [music] a series
of unexpected and seemingly miraculous
events. And then my Crohn's was gone. I
had no [music] more sickness. In the
days and weeks that follow, the
phenomena continue. The lights [music]
appear again and again. Sometimes at a
distance, sometimes directly [music]
over his home. He reports numerous
encounters that don't resemble crafts,
lights, or UFOs at all, but what he
[music] describes as a luminous feminine
presence, deeply unsettling in its
archetypal [music]
familiarity.
Her communication seems to go beyond the
cliches and [music] platitudes of normal
contact experiences. They touch on
humanity's deep moral decay, cycles of
civilizational collapse, judgment, the
[music] apocalypse, and renewal. They
revolve around humanity reaching [music]
a threshold.
>> I came back excited to tell it. That's
when the next 5 years of darkness I talk
about in my book started. His [music]
UFO experiences only serve to make him
more of a pariah in his local community
of Fateville, North Carolina, where
fundamentalist Christianity is the only
way, and anything paranormal is
considered demonic.
NASA and the CIA show up at Bledso's
door. [music] And not just anybody at
NASA in the CIA. I'm talking about a
high-level NASA mission controller
[music]
who has worked on launches at Cape
Canaveral since the Challenger missions
in the 80s.
>> And he said, "I was at the dinner table
with the president and handed me that."
>> He said that.
>> Yeah.
>> And this Yeah.
>> scientists, military, and other
intelligence officials [music] follow
suit. They grill Bledsoe on his
experiences. Some imply that certain
[music] dates and symbols he's given by
the lady align with things they're
already monitoring and have [music] seen
from other authoritative sources. So
that they have like a scientific model
of how these [music] angels work at
NASA. They know a lot more than we know
than we think they do.
>> I personally don't know what Chris
Bledsoe experienced and continues to
experience to this day. But I know that
his story doesn't sit at the edge of
history forever. It's either going to
collapse under scrutiny or force us to
redraw the map. In this special episode
of American Alchemy, we have a markedly
[music] different conversation than the
one that Chris Bledsoe is used to
having. He took you to Zanesville, Ohio,
where you recovered a little piece of
metal.
>> Yeah.
>> Do you know who's from Zanesville, Ohio?
>> I do. Tons and brown, right?
>> What?
Instead of just [music] retelling his
story, we make some pretty mind-blowing
connections from it. Ones involving
secret societies [music]
with access to time travel, anti-gravity
experiments done in mid-century America,
space metal [music] with curious
properties that interact with
consciousness in weird ways, what exists
on the dark side of the moon, and what
the world will look like in [music] the
next decade. So without further ado, sit
back, relax, and prepare to ascend
[music] into the astral plane with this
week's American Alchemist, Christopher
Bledsoe.
[snorts]
This has been a long time coming. I'm
here with Chris Bledsoe, who many call
kind of a super experiencer because, you
know, I was just rereading your book,
UFO of God, and your life is really just
remarkable. You've had all these
incredible deep experiences and I want
to talk about those experiences but I
also want to talk because your story
your story is well known at this point.
I also want to talk about some of the
deeper philosophies that you've kind of
come into based on your experiences and
maybe have kind of a metaphysical
conversation. But I want to start with
this very interesting discussion that we
just kind of sparked up as you were
walking in which is you have this golden
pin on your jacket. What is that pen?
Well, uh that pen was given to me by
uh someone everybody has read about
right down at Cape Canaveral without
saying names. And uh
>> um it signifies being off planet.
So from what I'm told, the people that
get these have been in space before.
>> So astronauts pretty much
>> right. And why do you think this person
gave that pen to you?
>> At the time, I had no clue other than
what they were telling me. Um, it
involved taking me into the astronaut
crew quarters and going through a whole
thing because I was,
in other words, when this thing first
happened,
uh, this person from NASA came to my
house with a backpack and whole lot of
credentials that had everything from
Area 51 to the CIA and all that combined
NASA.
And he um he tested the whole family
with metal. He put a piece of metal in
my hand. I was the last one to be
tested. So all my four of my kids and my
wife, they all went into this one room.
So she got Ryan. He got Ryan's the first
one and kind of made it secret. He took
Ryan into a room, tested him, and said,
"Now you go get the next person, but
don't tell them." So he went out and got
each person in the family, tested them
with this metal.
He brought me in last and I had no idea
what I was doing. I sat down on the edge
of the bed. It was in Ryan's room.
And he put this piece of metal right
here. He said, "What do you think of
that?" I said, "Well, it looks like a
piece of aluminum, like a postage stamp
size that size thin."
>> Was it light?
>> Very light. Yeah.
>> Yeah. It was kind of a dull gray. It
wasn't like shiny. It was aluminum of
some sort. Then he reaches in his
backpack and pulls out another piece of
metal that was different. And it was
like aluminum foil. Look like foil. And
it wasn't crease. He couldn't crease it,
but it would wrinkle, but it would hold
back up, but it wouldn't crease. You
couldn't crease it. You could It would
kind of roll up and then straighten out.
But when he put that in this hand,
it somehow another created this current
that went through
where it was communicating. This part of
the metal was communicating with that
part of the metal. And when that
happened, it caused me to my eyes to
roll back and he reached up and snatched
it out of my hand real quick and said,
"Why you?" This is in the book, by the
way.
And I had no idea what happened. He
said, "Uh, why you this close?" I said,
"Excuse me, what do you mean why me?"
And he said, "Well, I would have known
you were lying
about being taken
>> if you hadn't had a reaction to this."
And he said, "I've only ever seen two
others
and they were nothing like yours." What
he told me.
So that started a
um
the next two or three years studying
with them. Um and I'm being kind to my
friend without saying his name, but you
you know who I'm talking about.
>> I know who you're talking about. Can I
say who it is? Because it's I think it's
Tim Taylor who's a NASA mission
controller who Yeah. his name is now
sort of sort of out there and yeah, we
should definitely be respectful to him
as somebody who doesn't maybe want to
>> do public interviews himself, but I
think he's put himself out there enough
to
>> Yeah.
>> So, who is this Timothy Taylor figure
showing up in Bledso's life? He's a
mysterious rocket scientist who's done
mission control for NASA since the8s.
That part is not really disputed and
[music] it's well documented in his
autobiography, Launch Fever. At one
point, Tim Taylor even had a small
YouTube account with videos showing
[music] his deep levels of access to
NASA facilities. He's also taken people
like Bledsoe through Kennedy Space
Center. Religious studies professor
Diana Pulka along with others have said
that he's worked directly [music] with
Elon Musk. But where it gets interesting
is that he's also popping up in the
lives of numerous UFO experiencers,
claiming that he's a time traveler and
works for an angel.
Basically, he exists at the intersection
between rigorous realworld aerospace
[music] work and totally insane UFO
lore. And that's why he's still American
Alchemy's most requested guest.
Some of the things that Tim Taylor told
Chris would wholesale overhaul our
understanding of reality if at all true.
>> Really smart guy, like genius level. And
uh
>> really
>> yeah, I enjoyed his company. We did a
lot of stuff together. We traveled
together.
>> Um
>> uh we were able to recover some metal
together up
>> Wow.
>> Yeah.
>> I didn't know that. Yeah.
>> Where was that?
>> That was in Ohio.
>> In Ohio?
>> Yeah.
>> Where in Ohio?
>> In a little town called Zay Well,
>> Zanesville.
>> Zanesville. Yeah.
>> Zanesville, Ohio.
>> Yeah.
>> Do you know who's from Zanesville, Ohio?
>> I do. tea towns in Brown, right?
>> What? [laughter] He took you to
Zanesville, Ohio, where you recovered a
little piece of metal?
>> Yeah, a pretty good piece about that
big.
>> You're sure you went to Zanesville?
>> Yeah. In fact, I went in a machine shop,
he and I, and had a piece sawed off the
metal, which he took with them, and we
gave the other piece back to the person
that had it. And I I knew the person and
he wouldn't give it to anyone in the
world, but he called me and he drives up
in his yard and there's this red piece
of glowing he sees this thing over his
house and it goes away when he drives
up, but there's a piece of red glowing
metal in the yard.
He lets it cool, picks it up, and puts
it in a shoe box. And there it stays for
15 years. No way.
And when he uh found out about me and
read the story, he calls me and says, "I
got something I want you to see." And so
I called Taylor and he and I flew up
there.
[laughter] This is This is either
engineered to make me excited [laughter]
or this is the most remarkable story
ever.
I almost lost it during this part of the
interview.
Zanesville, Ohio is where Thomas [music]
Townsen Brown was born. To me, Towns and
Brown is the most interesting historical
figure in the 20th century that no one
knows about. I've independently
uncovered an absurd amount of
information that leads me [music] to
believe that Townsen Brown essentially
discovered anti-gravity in the 1950s.
He was funded [music] by the same
physics patrons at the University of
North Carolina, Chapel Hill, that sent
science down the wrong path with quantum
gravity in 1957.
He was [music] also backed by the
highest levels of CIA and aerospace.
There are even videos of Townsen Brown
at the University of North Carolina,
Chapel Hill, celebrating because his
experiments presumably worked. Here he
[music] is with a bottle of champagne.
And we know due to real declassified
documents written by the head of
Australia's nuclear program Harry
[music] Turner and often cited by UFO
whistleblower David Grush that
University of North Carolina Chapel Hill
was waste deep in anti-gravity research.
We also have a deathbed confession of
French aerospace representative Jacques
Cornion saying that Towns and Brown's
experiments worked in Paris in the
Montgier facility in 1956.
tests were very very very tricky. It was
sensitive to so so many things in
vacuum. Finally, it works. So that was a
positive result.
>> And that's [music] just the tip of the
spear. We also have Carl Nell, who
helped set up Army Futures Command,
which led all tech modernization efforts
for the Army, implying that Townsen and
Brown made breakthroughs in the world of
gravity. Jesse's done a number of
podcasts looking into towns and brown
and some other very interesting uh like
heretical technologies. So, I'd invite
people [music] uh an unsolicited plug to
check out some of Jesse's podcasts. Not
to mention [music] NASA's top scientist
in electrostatics, Charles Beer, [music]
literally leaving NASA to start a
propellantless gravity-based propulsion
system that he says is a derivative of
Towns and Brown's [music] work. The term
asymmetric electrical pressure is
similar to [music] Thomas Towns and
Brown's research into asymmetrical
capacitors.
>> Those older papers and that older
subject [music] matter um is probably
valid for most of the point.
>> I could go on, but I'll spare you. The
fact [music] that Chris Bledsoe was
taken to Zanesville, Ohio, an otherwise
completely unremarkable little Ohio
town, seems like a very unlikely
coincidence. [music]
And the fact that the goal there was to
retrieve an exotic piece of metal seems
even more unlikely, especially given
that Tim Taylor was escorting Bloodso
there. As you're about to hear in this
conversation, there are tons of other
bizarre connections [music] between NASA
mission controller Tim Taylor and
mid-century anti-gravity inventor Towns
and Brown.
This episode is sponsored by Superpower.
On this show, we spend all of our time
trying to understand reality. But most
of us are simply guessing when it comes
to our own health. With conventional
health care, you're firing totally
blindly. You go to the doctor, you get a
few basic labs, and you're told
everything looks normal. But that thing
that doesn't feel great, the chronic
headaches, the stomach pain, the back
pain, you don't ever really get insight
on any of it. You don't get the proper
data you need. You get no actionable
insights and no real plan. That's why
Superpower caught my attention.
Superpower gives you a deep look at
what's actually happening inside your
body. It's a single blood draw either at
home or a nearby lab and they measure
over a 100 biomarkers, way more than a
standard physical. You get real data on
things like hormones, metabolism, heart
health, vitamin and mineral levels, even
environmental toxins. Toxins that can
accumulate and cause very bad things to
happen in your body. What I like is that
Superpower doesn't stop at the numbers.
They turn those results into a clear
personalized action plan. What to focus
on with nutrition, what supplements
actually make sense for you, lifestyle
adjustments. You can even get your true
biological age and can track how that
changes over time. Instead of guessing
when it comes to your health, you
finally have a map, your full health
blueprint activated with Superpower. Not
only did Superpower reduce their price
to just $199,
but for a limited time, our listeners
get an additional $20 off with code
alchemy. Again, that's $20 off with code
alchemy. Head to superpower.com and use
code alchemy at checkout for $20 off
your membership. After you sign up,
they'll ask you how you heard about
them. Please make sure to mention this
podcast to support the show.
And so if there's a connection between
this NASA mission controller who's
obsessed with UFOs and this mid-century
anti-gravity inventor, and then you're
literally going to Zanesville, Ohio
>> to collect UFO material, which is where
it's a that's a random place. And that's
where Towns and Brown
>> was born in 1905. And there's there
newspaper,
you know, clippings of him creating, you
know, wireless Telegram basically at the
age of 12 or something.
That's crazy.
>> Yeah. True story.
>> That's so crazy.
>> And I can show you the metal. I'll give
you a picture of it.
>> Can please?
>> Yeah.
>> Can I feel the metal?
>> Well, I don't own it.
>> You don't own it. Okay. Yeah, Tim has
it. Um I would I would love to see the
picture. Yeah. And learn anything else
about this Ainsville trip? That's just
fascinating.
>> Tim got it originally and then Dr. Put
Off got another piece of it.
>> Put off got another piece of it. I took
Tom Dong and Lou Alzando to Zanesville
or to to Pennsylvania or Ohio. I mean
>> you took him to Ohio to Zayville.
>> I took him to the same guy's house and
and got them a piece of it as well.
>> Were Were Tom Dong and Lou aware of
Towns and Brown?
>> I didn't discuss it with them.
>> You didn't discuss that with them?
>> No.
>> So,
>> but that's where some of their metal
came from plus something that I had. I
had three pieces of it.
>> Do you think Put Off knows about Townsen
Brown? Yeah,
>> he does.
>> Yeah, I'm sure.
>> Yeah, he told me he um he he he met him.
Yeah.
>> Um but uh that he never, you know, he
didn't know how far he got, you know,
sort of thing.
>> How, you know, how it can be a little
cheeky, but
>> interesting.
>> Yeah.
>> For the audience, I mean, I'm sure they
know this, but I'm obsessed with this
midcentury anti-gravity inventor, Thomas
Townsen Brown, who I am very convinced
made real updates in the world of
gravity. He was a very nuts andbolts,
you know, inventor and he worked at the
highest levels, right,
>> of military government with every kind
of aerospace company you could you could
guess. I mean, there's an FBI document
on him saying he was the
foremost radar expert in the Navy and um
and he was in charge of the Philadelphia
experiment actually which has all this
lore about it and who knows whether the
you know primmaaccious story of that is
true but Um he was at you know uh uh
Martin Vega the year that skunk works
formed right
>> he you know knew Curtis Lame knew Bill
Lear the inventor of the lear jet
>> right
>> he was being funded by the guys who were
sending physics down the wrong path
while he was doing his I think more
vital kind of anti-gravity experiments
but the kind of subplot of his life
>> is that gravity and time are very
interrelated in general relativity
>> and what I found so fascinating I made
this whole documentary on Thomas Towns
and Brown. And at the end of the
documentary, I make this connection that
Tim Taylor told your son Ryan Bledsoe
that he was part of a secret time travel
group in Nassau in the Bahamas and that
Thomas Towns and Brown was the
president. And even then, maybe I would
have dismissed it out of hand, but I had
become this amateur historian of Towns
and Brown
>> and he would always go to Nassau in the
Bahamas. And then in if you read Tim
Taylor's biography, Launch Fever, he's
in Nassau a lot. So that does kind of
place them both in, you know,
>> Nassau at some time.
>> It's called the Nassau group.
>> The Nassau group.
>> Yeah. So he took you to Z is the was the
piece of metal this UFO metal in
Zanesville related to Towns and Brown at
all or
>> No, there was a lot of conversation
about that and the amount of activity
around that place he said was uh all
part of the land because where this
metal was found was near the Indian
serpent mound,
right? So they know that there's a lot
of activity and he told me stories about
uh towns and brown. What did he say
about Townsen Brown?
>> Well, you know, his daughter was doing a
book and Tim was helping her with that
book.
>> Tim was helping her with
>> Yeah, he helped write that book. That
her book?
>> I didn't know that. And do you know I
found a Amazon review from his daughter
about Tim Taylor's book, Launch Fever.
And this was before anybody knew about,
you know, Tim Taylor because he hadn't
even been written about, you know,
pseudonmously in American Cosmic by Dana
Pulka. This is in the early 2010s.
>> Yeah.
>> So, so he was helping Linda Brown write
her book.
>> Write her book. Yeah.
>> Sure.
>> I know. That's amazing. That
>> And what did he say about Townsen
himself?
>> He told me he'd heard stories of these
little things coming and landing in his
yard and getting out and giving him
information.
>> That's real. Well, at least according to
his daughter, his daughter did a sort of
AMA on, you know, ask me anything on
Reddit. She talked about beings coming
down and then entering. I think it was
like she was in the they were in the
kitchen with her dad and her and they
they were these sort of pale skinned y,
you know, looked alien like looked from
a, you know, like they were from another
planet or existed in another environment
>> and they talked all night and then,
you know, they wake up the next morning,
she thinks it's a dream and then two
nights later they're at dinner and she
brings up the dream and Thomas Townsen
Brown goes, "That wasn't a dream." or
something [laughter] like that.
>> Right. Exactly.
>> Wow.
>> Did he ever insinuate on what the Nassau
group, this time travel group in the
Bahamas was doing?
>> He didn't. He didn't. He just told me at
one point that that he thought I may
have to go hide out there a while.
>> Really?
>> That was when it really first happened
way back
>> cuz it was a dangerous place. The whole
world was different in 2008.
It was it was the highest secured thing
in the world. The UFO was more
classified higher than the nuclear bomb.
>> But you would have to hang out in NASA.
>> Well, they mentioned that I may have to
go there for protection.
>> Interesting.
>> Yeah.
>> So, what's there?
>> I don't know. I just that was all he
told me. you know, he writes in Launch
Fever, his biography about flying these
cargo jets back and forth between
Florida and Nassau,
>> right?
>> And I think the
>> the guy he was flying with was like
selling drugs and he didn't even know
about it. Like it was like he was he was
just kind of being like along for the
ride or whatever.
>> But then he says some really trippy
things around he goes time moved
differently in Nassau. But he's saying
it like it's like island time, you know?
Right.
>> So it's like and then you're like is
that coded because he's telling you you
know that in Diana Pasula about the
adjustment bureau and like
>> you know timeline hopping and then he's
saying time moves different in this
Nassau group but that in Nassau but then
he's also telling your son and you that
he's in a secret time travel group with
towns and brown in Nassau. So I'm like,
is he writing in code there?
>> Pro. Yeah, those guys are all about
Yeah, they're so super secretive.
>> Uh they can they'll tell you things and
u code like that and it's up to you to
get it or not, but
>> yeah,
>> I want to meet the Nassau group. How do
How do we do that?
>> I have no idea.
>> I don't know how I would find them or
what. That was just that was something
told to me years ago. and Ryan heard it
and uh it it never left me. But as far
as where and how and who, I don't I
don't know. We never got involved or
>> Yeah. Cuz it's so it's so like the
world's so interesting cuz he also I
believe he told you and I think Diana
Pulka that you know he said read the
adjustment team or watch the adjustment
bureau
>> which is this the original was a Philip
K. dick book,
>> right?
>> And then this movie with Matt Damon and
it's all about adjusting little
variables to change timelines, right?
>> And he viewed his role in reality as
doing that,
>> right?
>> And so do you think he actually viewed
his role as as doing that as part of
this sort of timeline adjustment team?
>> You mean Tim
>> Tim Taylor? Yeah.
>> Well, he's told me he was the one who
told me to read to watch the movie. He
said that movie was created for a
reason. watch it. It's a lot like that.
And um then he said, "And in that movie,
you'll find a character named the
hammer."
And he said, "And I work for the hammer
and the hammer works for God." I'm like,
"You got to tell me more than that." And
that's all he would tell me. He said, "I
work for the hammer and the hammer works
for God."
>> And you what do you think the hammer is?
>> Well, in the movie he's an like an
archangel. M he's the guy that the
lesser beings couldn't couldn't stop
what was happening
>> because of love you know if you watch
the movie
>> that's so fascinating so they send the
hammer down to
to take care of it and uh of course I
won't spoil the movie but [laughter]
yeah
>> it ends up well
but yeah whoa I mean do do think that
he's in touch with a celestial being
with an angel.
>> He insinuated that and um I can probably
believe that. Yeah.
>> Something.
>> Yeah.
>> Whether it's an angel or what I don't
know.
>> So what would the go because he seems to
show up in a lot of you know super
experiencers lives. So there people
who've had experiences here and there
and then there are people like you
>> who have repeated experiences and
>> a lot of interactions with this other
world
>> and I found it very interesting that he
showed up in Charles Hall's life and
then he shows up in your life. Um I
think he knew Whitley Strieber as well.
>> Y'all say Timothy Taylor.
>> Yeah.
>> He's a good friend of ours.
>> Oh so you know you know Timothy Taylor.
Mhm.
>> He came here because he found out about
Charles
and that was when his daughter, the one
who had the the baby, was like, what was
she maybe in fifth grade when they came
the first time?
>> Yeah, we
>> Why do you think he was he became
interested in your story? my wife can
answer all the questions
>> be because he he realized as far as he
was concerned that Charles was the the
real article was legitimate
>> and
as I say it's really concerned me
because I've tried to email other people
because he he brought other people to
meet us and visit with us. They they one
of the guys cooked right here in my
kitchen and so I tried to contact those
people because I had in uh emails for
them and I never got a response about
what happened to him.
>> So what do what do you think it is with
him? Do you think there's some mandate
from the hammer from this angel or
something to interact with experiencers?
>> If he's being truthful about that I
would say that's probably correct.
there's some kind of mandate guiding
him.
>> So, he's definitely connected. I mean,
big time.
>> Do you think he was being truthful or
>> Yeah. Well, you you know, sometimes you
wonder if it's all
>> uh smoke and mirrors designed to throw
you off course, you know, but [snorts] I
listen to everything. I work with him
for three or four years before Diana met
him. I introduced Diana to Tim.
We were working on crazy stuff like stem
cell research and I have no idea what
that is and what proteins are and
anything medical, right? I'm a carpenter
and yet I'm reading papers at night that
they would send me
>> and my job was to draw whatever came out
of me, whatever I saw. And
>> so usually every week I'm sending in
some sort of diagram of cells and all
kinds of things. Whoa.
>> Yeah.
>> As you know, on American Alchemy, we
cover a lot of technology that goes
beyond human limits. This is about
technology that helps the body catch up
and feel good. I'm talking about the I
restore LED face mask, a red light
therapy system that uses clinical grade
wavelengths to boost skin cell energy
production. The same exact principle
used in the top recovery clinics and bio
optimization labs in the world. I've
been using it most nights, 10 minutes
while I'm reading, prepping for a show,
or decompressing. It's completely
hands-free, comfortable, and engineered
to deliver consistent light intensity
across [music] the face. Not that uneven
scatter most cheaper masks use. It feels
like your face is taking a warm bath.
What it's doing is called
photobiomodulation,
stimulating mitochondria to repair
[music] tissue, reduce inflammation, and
improve circulation. You actually feel
the calm and rejuvenation after a
session. I've tested a few of these.
This one really stands out for the build
quality. It feels like it was built in a
high precision lab and it's not just a
cheap [music] beauty gadget. So, if
you're into real evidence-based recovery
tech, this [music] belongs in your
setup. Head to i restore.com and use
code jesse25 for an exclusive discount.
Again, i restore.com code jesse25.
Red light therapy has really been a game
changer for me, so I hope you love it.
So it's almost like you were part of
like a secret science program
>> where you were given material to look
at. You didn't even have context on the
material, but you were getting downloads
about it.
>> Yeah.
>> And do do you think any of that made it
into his, you know, he had a lot of
biomedical patents. He had a company
called Vivx Biotechnologies which he
sold for $88 million.
>> I was That's who I was working with.
That company.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah.
They were creating what's called a
viograph which was uh it was based on
metal the metal that they recovered and
infusing it into this um well the
particular and I have video of the
operation of a young lady the first
operation in the United States uh was a
a Spanish lady that had bone cancer in
her thigh And they removed like two
inches of the bone and they wrapped it
with this biograph
injected stem cells into it and in like
60 days her bone had regrown the pain
was gone. She could walk again.
>> Whoa.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. No, I mean that is a operational
functional, you know, company that with
that does real things in the biomedical
world.
>> And what what makes it fascinating is
that maybe the backdrop of that company
is recovered UFO material. Exactly.
>> And somebody like you intuitively
downloading the functionality.
>> I don't know how much good I did, right?
But I it was uh to come from a carpenter
being ridiculed by the whole community
to secretly drawing diagrams for NASA
was you know it was pretty cool thing.
Well, it it you know, you have all these
rumors of like Philip J. Corso and you
know him being involved in you know I
think army's you know uh foreign
technology desk and transferring you
know uh uh crash materials from Roswell
for example to Bell Labs so they could
you know help build you know
semiconductors things like that
>> but what you don't hear of is uh people
download people like yourself who are
intuitively kind of tapped in
downloading
>> aspects of the functionality of some of
these technologies. That's really
interesting. Well, that um
[sighs and gasps] I'm learning. I'm
learning over the last n it's been 19
years I've been doing this, right? A
long time. And in that time, I've
learned a lot and I keep learning every
day. But I there is a great
um correlation with the phenomenon
guiding us and creating things in our
path. Then if you're smart enough and
you pay attention to that, all kinds of
things come. It's like it's like being
Sherlock Holmes. I'm like, "Oh boy,
what's next?" You know? So that's kind
of the way I've modeled my life is
>> is letting it guide my path rather than
me try to drive the bus. I let let
>> I call it the lady, right? Or uh that
the phenomena.
>> Yeah. Yeah. The it's like the the way is
not the way. like you have to you have
to or I think there's a concept called
wooue which is effortless effort
>> and uh there's sort of sitting back
being receptive listening to the signs
and then just kind of you know following
following the path and right
>> that's a that's an art you know it's
it's easy to get into this mode of being
attached and trying to overengineer
outcomes
>> exactly for example um in the music
world I happened to I wrote about
something that happened. I was given a
message that they're um
that the the divine world encodes
messages within the music that we listen
to and we just don't know it. Right? So,
it's being channeled by these musicians.
And that led me on um tell you how
manifestation works is because when I
was given that information, I was given
five or six songs. Six. Five right away.
one at another point.
And when I read the lyrics on it, it was
like, "Oh my god, this is crazy. This is
crazy." I couldn't believe it. You hear
these songs, but you never read the
words. Well, that day in 2012,
I said, "Lord, I wish I could tell
Sammy Hagar from Van Halen
>> or Robert Plant or or Jimmy Paige or
Neil Young. These are the guys or or
Metallica, right? These are the guys
that I I just said the simple little
prayer, you know, right off the top of
my head. Lord, I wish I could tell them,
"Wow, this is what I was thinking.
Last year on my birthday, I get a phone
call and it's Sammy's wife Ki
and u we become friends and then it
turned into Kurt Hammet with Metallica.
And then then I get a a text from my
friend. He said, "Hey Chris, I'm in the
pub in in England." And sitting beside
me is Robert Planton. He's reading your
book.
>> No way.
>> Yeah. And he
>> That's crazy.
>> He sent you a happy birthday. And the
same two days later I get a call from
Fred Durst Lint Biscuit.
>> Oh yeah. Well, he's super into UFO UFO
podcast.
>> I've been on his podcast.
>> Cool.
>> So anyhow, it just all poured out and it
manifested. I didn't do it. I didn't
seek these people out. They they called
me
>> and now that's um Sammy told me that the
the song Love Walks in
>> he don't even know where the words came
from. just came out of him and it is
this song is like you have to read the
lyrics on it.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah.
>> Well, I didn't even I mean it's crazy
how much music is influenced by this
stuff. Like
>> I think Paul McCartney
one of the Beatles had a dream about a
flaming pie,
>> right?
>> And that was how the the Beatles name
came about somehow.
>> I didn't know that
>> it was going to be spelled differently
>> Beatles. And then it and then it and
then it moved into B A T L E S after
this flaming pie came down in the stream
or something.
>> And so yeah, you you have a lot of these
sort of stories. That's amazing.
>> Yeah.
>> Um
do you think that you know because we we
we often think of like you know the
aerospace world that's interested in a
lot of what you're doing is very kind of
nuts and bolts focused. Not
>> right.
>> They don't care about you know downloads
or experiences or whatever.
Do you do you do you feel like they
really do they very they are really
interested in the phenomena and they
they are learning from it as much as
they are just you know writing equations
on chalkboards
>> a million%.
In fact, in the last year, I've seen or
two years, I've seen a huge increase in
the the uh scientists, mainstream
scientists that, you know, forever like
Diana, she was the first PhD that would
even talk about this, right? And back
then, if you even said this out loud,
people would laugh and walk away. Nobody
would talk. Now,
um,
there's over 200 mainstream scientists
right now. That was the word I was told
by Dr. Estz, Anna Brady Est.
>> Oh, yeah. She's been on the podcast.
We're we're still coming out with
something cool. Yeah.
>> But she uh
>> American deep tech.
>> She's she's uh told me that there's at
least 200 scientists that want to start
working on this thing.
>> It's fascinating. Yeah, it's
fascinating.
>> And it almost feels like at times the
scientists are being coordinated on a
higher level.
>> Yeah.
>> And uh this gets into like the threebody
problem or you know science fiction
novels like that where
>> you know uh the way that the phenomena
speaks to us is through scientific
discoveries, innovation, through
serendipitous meetings between
scientists
>> and I'm sure it's the same thing with
art and other creation
>> big time and to the creativity world.
artist of all kinds. In other words, I
don't mean to interrupt, but if if I had
to say of all the people that call me
that the majority of these experiencers,
a good majority of them will be artist
that paint, that make music, that act,
they're different type of people and
>> creative people. for some reason they're
the ones that have a lot of this
experience and have been for years.
>> Makes sense that they'd be tapped in. I
think it's more interesting in a sense
that somebody like, you know, I've
spoken to Hell Put Off about this and he
goes,
>> I always follow the synchronicities and
when they stop, I know I'm on the wrong
path, whatever. And it's like this guy
is a very serious scientist who's
popping up not only in areas of quote
unquote UFO science, but in you know
prosaically very interesting science,
>> right?
>> So
>> pretty serious guy.
>> Yeah. And we were talking outside. It
sounds like you're in touch with some
locked guys, too.
>> Yeah.
>> What's what's the deal there?
>> Well, I have friends everywhere. there
there's no shortage of people from NASA,
from Lheed, from 3M, from uh from all
over these scientists. But my
I I happen to have a friend that is a
material scientist that works with this
material and um he kind of stays pretty
close to me following me about and we we
travel together and we study together
and doing a lot of things right now.
>> Interesting. Yeah. Who's that?
>> I can't tell. Does he uh work at a a big
aerospace corporation or
>> he uh well he Yeah, you'll see him one
day at uh he lives in Silicon Valley,
but you'll see him one day he'll be
>> in a skiff somewhere under an airport or
he'll be in uh
>> at NASA. Okay.
>> Or he'll be somewhere in amongst all
that. Um
>> yeah,
>> fascinating. Yeah,
>> it's so interesting.
>> He's educated me a lot on this metal and
how it acts and and how it acts
differently in zero gravity than it does
on on ground level.
>> How does the metal act differently in
zero gravity?
It's um it it it has a way of um well
just let's just say that the words I
heard this metal is much acts much like
an animal in that it is always seeking
for energy and seeking to connect and
how I got this pen was
being off planet and being tested by
that metal knowing that it bonded to to
me. So that's why this phenomenon is
always around if it's trying to
reconnect all the time.
>> And because you went up on a craft,
you're somehow connected with the the
metal.
>> Yeah.
>> How do you think you're connected with
it
>> into the DNA is all I know. It's a
frequency. I think our DNA is
transmitted a frequency, which is
>> I've seen the papers on it and uh in a a
radar type frequency. So it's pinging
and it's receiving, sending and
receiving.
And um
so it's always it's always once it
connects with you on that level and I'm
being very careful not to say a whole
lot here, but I get a phone call if I
say too much, right? But [laughter]
>> so yeah.
>> Well, they're clearly trying to because
they know you have a public presence.
They are going to get asked about this
stuff. So they want to get it out
somewhat would be my guess. You know
>> there's a you know there's a a scientist
named Constantine Mile. He's in the
Black Forest in Germany
>> and he uh talks about uh scalar physics
and its relationship with DNA
specifically like DNA resonance with
these exotic electromagnetic waves that
exist in the scalar field. Um, which if
you think about it, if we are getting
any sort of messages via our DNA, a
transverse herzian, a classic
electromagnetic wave, doesn't really
make sense because it decays at 1 / r^
2. So if you're in a Faraday chamber or
you're, you know, kind of in some remote
place or whatever, the decay function on
a normal electromagnetic wave would be
too stark uh for you to really receive a
lot of information ongoing.
>> But if you have some of these more
exotic waves that travel at 1 / R, which
a lot of these kind of deeper aerospace
scientists believe possibly exist,
>> right? um maybe your body would be able
to download and encode a lot more
information. And they say they think
that the sun is a scalar wave generator.
So maybe the sun is,
>> you know, constantly spurring evolution
and and and Tim Taylor talks about in
Diana's book, American Cosmic, that he's
his protocols are around, you know, you
know, being in the sunlight, looking at
the sun.
>> Well, that's it. and and um in fact um I
read the paper on it
>> 15 years ago 13 years ago
>> and the thought is that the sun the way
it shines at an angle on the earth it
creates the green color spectrum which
is the center of the color spectrum
right and in that
our um the sun is is affecting what's
called ADT which is the hemoglobin been
in your blood and the chlorophyll
implants. So it when it hits that it
starts this energy and it starts
creating life and so the sun
is telling everything how to be a pear,
how to be a grass, how to be a tree, how
to be a me or you. So all the
information of life
is coming from that green light from
what they're saying. It's just
constantly
>> sending all information, all encoding to
every living thing. Birds, it's where it
comes from.
>> Yeah, it's really amazing. I mean,
there's there's this idea of the
anthropic principle, which is why is
Earth, you know, this perfect kind of
homeostatic like just place that that
fosters life? And there are, you know, a
couple of different explanations for it.
One is like we've tried a million
different iterations. This is the
Goldilocks zone. We just got really
lucky or whatever to to live in the the
the one where it's perfect.
>> And then there's another one which is
this has been sort of created or
simulated, you know, for for life. And
if you think about the Earth's
magneettosphere, the way it blocks
cosmic radiation
>> but allows just enough cosmic radiation
to allow for the perfect amount of
natural selection to allow for, you
know, real real evolution. Um, but then
the magneettosphere of the earth itself,
like literally the human resonance
fosters
human and animal morphology and in and
this sort of perfect way. If you put a
frog embryo in a Faraday chamber where
that's blocked, it doesn't grow
normally.
>> So, it's this like the these perfect
sort of circumstances. So, one thing we
figured out this past year, I was on um
John Alexander called me two or three
times. Chris, nobody got it. Yeah, I was
on the um this Beyond Skinwalker show
with Brandon Fugal, right? So, we were
at the Monurro Institute
and they took me in the basement of the
lab and put me in a Faraday cage
>> and it's uh is silent. It's walls like
this dig with uh you know, I'm in a I'm
in the basement of the lab in a build in
a basically a coffin is what it looked
like with ceilings are copper and the
walls are copper. So no electromagnetism
can get in there.
And so they had all these cameras
outside pointing up at the sky. And I'm
in this thing and uh they have uh Dr.
Thompson from from New York uh neuros
neuro PhD and neuroscience
was monitoring me and uh he said if you
if you sense a UFO over the complex just
point to the ceiling.
Every time I pointed, they were filming
something above the the building.
And that from that point on, um John and
a whole lot of other scientists says
this proves this consciousness.
It's not electromagnetic, it's
consciousness. So it's instantaneous.
It's that thoughts which is what's
creating everything.
>> Wow. Yeah.
>> Yeah. Well, if you think of, you know,
we have phonons, which are sort of, you
know, quantum vibration packets, and
then you have photons, which are quantum
light packets.
>> Maybe at some point we'll figure out
quantum thought packets or something.
>> That's it. It's all thought.
>> This is this is just how it works with
me,
>> you know? I don't have to go out and
speak to get this thing to come. I just
think about it.
>> M.
>> So, it knows our thoughts. M
>> completely
>> and in advance of what you're going to
think. You can't fool it.
>> Wow.
>> At all. There's no way.
>> This episode is sponsored by True
Classic. This is one of my favorite
shirts. It kind of works for every
occasion. I honestly didn't think I
cared about t-shirts until I realized
how many of them I don't wear. They end
up just accumulating in your closet.
Most of them look fine on a hanger. Then
you put them on and something's off.
They're too boxy, they're too stiff,
they're too long, or they just kind of
hang weird. That's the problem True
Classic set out to fix. They focus on
the fit first, which in my opinion is
the most important thing when it comes
to a shirt. Shirts that sit right on
your shoulders and chest, relax where
they should, and don't feel like you're
wearing cardboard. The material is also
extremely soft, breathable, and
flexible. You put one on and you don't
think about it again, which is kind of
the goal. I've been wearing their shirts
for a while now and I always reach for
them when I know I just want a standard
quality shirt. When I don't want to
think about what I'm wearing, but I know
I'll be dressed appropriately for any
occasion. You don't look overly formal.
You don't look disheveled. You look just
right. They started with men's basics,
but now they make clothes for women and
kids, too. Same focus on comfort and
fit. and they keep the prices extremely
reasonable instead of charging you for a
logo and a story. This company isn't
about trends or fashion cycles. It's
about having a consistent standard of
quality and a few pieces you can always
go to that won't let you down. So, if
you want to get some super highquality
shirts, go to trueclassic.com/jesse
to refresh your wardrobe for 2026. You
can also find them at Amazon, Target,
Costco, and Sam's Club. Thank you to
True Classic for sponsoring today's
episode.
>> I want to go where other people haven't
gone in interviews with you,
>> right? Do you feel like,
you know, when you read like uh and this
is going to sound like a crazy question,
but like when you read the book of Acts
and, you know, learn about Jesus, do you
feel like he is
a state of being that others can get to
through kind of, you know, really
spiritual profound kind of experiences?
what Diana Pasulka calls in her book
hierophanes revelations.
And again, this is not to make him out
to be this
exclusive, untouchable, you know, being
or state, but like maybe maybe some
people can reach this state. And do you
feel like maybe you're you're in that
sort of Christ consciousness and that
allows you to to have% healing effect on
people?
>> Yeah, 100%. And um you know the way I
was born and raised a Baptist and and
married a Pentecostal holiness girl and
and you know was very deep into the
church and loved it. And my wife still
goes she was at church yesterday and um
or the day before Sunday. But the way
you know when Jesus came he he wasn't a
Christian. He was just saying the
kingdom of heaven is within you. You you
you can talk to God yourself
and you don't need to pay anybody to
have that. And I don't think they liked
him saying that a whole lot and his life
was cut short because of that.
>> Well, that's one of my favorite lines.
It's in an apocryphal, you know, the
gospel of Thomas, but it's, you know, if
you look to the sea, the fish will
precede you. If you look to the sky, the
birds will precede you. The kingdom of
heaven is inside of you. Exactly. and
all around you
>> and um you know and then you'll have
hardcore biblical scholars say a was
written 150 years later and you know
>> doesn't matter that's the words Jesus
used the kingdom of heaven is within you
that spark that divine spark and and you
can yeah
>> do you how do you how do you cuz like
>> I feel like my on worldview and ontology
in some ways matches a lot the yours and
what you say. And then I think there are
a lot of people out there who are like,
who is this guy saying that he sees orbs
and you know that's a 747 or a satellite
or whatever.
>> What do what do you say to those people?
>> Um, you know, I expect that. I've
learned until you see it and experience
it, um, you're just uninformed.
You know, it's real. It's 100% real. And
I have shared it with groups as large as
a thousand at one time with a PA and a
the most liberal
UFO
group, you know, I've ever been to was
contact in the desert this past summer.
Right. And here I am being drugged by
the hand all day. You need to be in this
room at this time, this room at that
time. Hadn't eaten all day. Hadn't been
to the bathroom. And it's like 7:00 at
night and I'm finally, you know, and I
deal with rheumatoid. So my energy
levels in the evening are low.
My wife comes in or the uh my my
assistant comes and he says, "Oh, you
got a skywatch at at at uh 9:00. It was
8 then." I like, "Oh my god, I forgot
all about that. Huge pressure. It's it's
cloudy. It's raining in Palm Springs. It
never rains in Palm Springs, right? It's
sprinkling.
And they said, "There's a big group
sitting outside waiting on you." So I
like I'm like I took I told my wife, I
said, "Take me somewhere to where nobody
can see me because if they see me, there
was always 50 people in line, right?" So
she took me over into a little seating
area where it was dark. And I laid back
and I looked up at the sky and I said,
"Lord, I need help. I'm stressed
tonight. It's raining. There's a
thousand people out there wanting to see
something."
And suddenly when I said that, my wife
sat beside me.
I heard this this telepathic voice say,
"Don't worry about the rain. It'll just
get more interesting." And then I saw
these three orange orbs come down under
the clouds and
this digital digit that said 9:45 just
flashed right up.
I said, "Okay, there'll be three orange
orbs at 9:45." So I got up. I walked
over to the center of a thousand people.
They're in a big circle and I'm in a
20ft circle that they kept that where I
could walk around in it with a
microphone.
And so I told the whole group and I were
in advance. I said at 9:45
there'll be
three orange orbs that appear underneath
the clouds.
And exactly at 9:45 it happened.
>> Whoa. Do you have video of that?
>> Yeah.
>> Wow.
>> And you can hear me on the microphone.
It's all recorded predicting it an hour
in advance. I didn't predict it. I saw
it. It shared it with me.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah.
>> That's so fascinating. It's like the the
Fatima prophecy but compressed and at a
UFO conference.
>> But you know what I did? I'm at a UFO
conference and they're you know some of
them's got 10 full hats on and they have
all these Galactic Federation. Well,
>> it doesn't compute with me, right? So
I I basically held a little church at
the most liberal thing. I did not
church, but I said, "Look, we're just
going to say a little prayer here. This
is how it works with me. There is no
summoning. All this thing you hear about
summoning these things, that's
if they're having negative experiences,
whoever is doing this, well, that's why
>> because you're you're open to anything
coming. But I always use a little
prayer. And so I just told him, I said,
"I believe that the Holy Spirit is this
beautiful lady that gave me this
information and I'm just going to ask
her right now to share her presence with
us." And that's the only thing I said.
What do you think of because it seems
like you're coming at this from a very
spiritual perspective.
There are rumors that the legacy UFO
program itself uses protocols to attract
UFOs to come in. Sometimes use directed
energy weapons against them, get them to
lands psionically through what they call
psionic assets. Yeah.
>> So that would be finding somebody maybe
similarly tapped in as as you are,
>> but who's sort of not maybe come about
it in the more kind of earnest spiritual
way through life experience that you
did. Maybe they just have some
>> ability or maybe they've been given a
protocol or something.
>> What are psionic assets? Um when we look
at collecting data, one of the areas
that we look to collect data is through
a psionic asset, which is an individual
who's trained in remote viewing, um
psychic abilities, telekinesis,
that type of thing, which is basically
through a number of different um
protocols can transition into a place
where they are highly sensitive to their
environment. from from the point of view
of consciousness through a consciousness
field.
>> How do you feel about that attracting
crafts to come down trying to derive
material from these crafts or get
downloads from them? Uh but for like
defense, you know, kind of
militaryindustrial complex purposes.
Well, I've been uh you know, I work in
and around a lot of those people and
I've had a lot of proposals that
and and you wouldn't believe um even
proposals if I could get it to come
down, could they shoot at it? I'm like,
absolutely not.
>> Yeah,
>> that's not going to happen with me. You
want to study it.
>> What I what I see is um is want to
communicate with us.
Um, you hear about all that, but I've
not seen any of it. I haven't seen the
results. So, there's a lot of talk out
there, but not a lot of data to show,
right? Where I show the data. I take a
thousand people out or 500 out. And we
get things that appear to have wings,
orange glowing beings, as many as 20 at
the time, fly 25 ft over our head and
appear out of thin air, p come right
over us glowing.
And um
so it's very spiritual and sacred to me
and I would never um but as far as you
know I heard some of the things on age
of disclosure and they were talking
about negative parts of it
um or being negative. Um I've never
experienced that ever in my whole 19
years of doing it. In fact you talked
about the book of Acts when uh Saul was
on the road to Damascus. M
>> what was it that appeared and blinded
him?
>> What was it?
>> It was an orb.
>> Whoa.
>> Flashed him. Said it flashed around him,
>> blinded him.
>> Was a ball of light.
>> Same thing.
>> And so,
you know, it's it's all in your thought
process. If you grounded with that
humbleness and earnesty and you love,
then you're going to get that. But if
you put something out, I mean, if we
want aliens, right? We create this in
our brain. If we want aliens with ray
guns, if you get enough of the
population to think on that, that's
probably what'll manifest. What do you
think the orbs are? It's this sort of
perennial question because I think a lot
of people have these experiences. I
think a lot, you know, they they'll
meditate, they'll be deep in prayer, and
they'll see something come up. I I I
have an experience like that where I was
doing holotropic breath work with a
friend in Silver Lake, California of all
places, like the last place you'd ever
expect to see anything and we saw
>> two metallic orbs
>> show up and it it doesn't feel
coincidental that like you know for him
I think it was his first time doing
holotropic breath work and
>> right
>> you know you're spo that's supposed to
get you into a state where your brain I
think endogenously releases DMT and
you're you're in this kind of heightened
spiritual state. Um,
>> what do I think it is?
>> What do you think they are?
>> Well, um,
I'm very careful to try not to label
because it's all speculation. You know,
you asked the question, what do you
think? Well, I'm guessing, right? All of
us are.
>> Sure.
>> And nobody's experienced it. I don't
think any more than I have. I I see it
just about every day of my life. and it
comes in my house. Orbs appearing in my
room over my chairs and flying through
the house and stuff.
>> So you think you experience it more than
anybody in the world?
>> I haven't seen anybody with the data I
have. M
>> show me the data and then we you know
what I'm seeing but people are seeing it
now
>> and I predicted that
>> in my book you'll read where I wrote
about a certain incident that was going
to happen in future which was when Iran
and Israel began to exchange missiles at
one another
at that point is when these balls of
light these orbs were going to start
appearing and revealing themselves to
the world. I wrote about that and that
was something I've talked about for 10
12 years and then look last November.
>> These drones supposedly drones that show
up. Those aren't drones.
>> They're orbs coming out of the sea
appearing and they're saying stop.
>> They deescalated and they kind of
settled. They started putting F-35s in
Poland. All of a sudden now there's
orbs all over Europe. So, what do you
think the orbs are
[clears throat]
>> based on uh the patterns that I've seen?
I'm saying I'm guessing right, but um 19
years of of research and prayer, simple
prayer, that mindset, don't have to say
it verbally, just think it, um lends me
to believe it's something
uh connected to our thoughts, very
caring, loving
um
and our beings. I can share a video with
you of an orb with a lady standing
beside me and another lady. I got one on
each side. This one has cancer, stage
four kidney cancer. Jesus. And she's
missing one kidney already. Year and a
half later, it metastasizes in her other
kidney. she calls me.
So, she's worried about her
the chemo is not working. So, she had a
very um poor chance of survival. So, she
calls me and comes to my house. This was
in 2015, I guess, and uh 2013 maybe.
And she brings her girlfriends, like
five of them. So, it's all of those,
myself, my wife, and some of my
children. and three Native Americans.
They're outside. They're they just
happen to show up at the same time.
Friends of mine.
And so I got them to
kind of do a spiritual
song that they do for healing for her.
All of a sudden in the video, you'll see
an orb appear. It comes zooming right up
to me and all of a sudden it flashes and
out of that comes a tall glowing figure
about
six to seven feet tall and then it just
kind of moves over out of the camera
right in front of this lady
and then she goes to get her scan on
Monday and has them more cancer.
>> What?
>> Yeah. And I have it on video so
>> I would love to see that video.
>> I'll share it in a little bit with you.
That would be amazing. That's amazing.
>> So, 19 years, I have more data about
this and more uh than most people can
imagine.
>> Would she ever go on record and talk
about this?
>> Yeah, probably.
>> Wow. I'd love to speak with her.
>> Yeah,
>> this is so it's so amazing.
>> So, this is why I always lend to the
spiritual side.
>> Uh you know, I believe there if there's
what is an angel,
>> it's a messenger. I don't know what it
is. I know that it is it is to me is
uh is a con and it could be just a
fractal of consciousness itself which
that word means God in the end it comes
back to the creation or the creator that
mind
>> so maybe these lights are just fractals
of that
>> but I don't know
>> do you believe Tim Taylor is a time
traveler
>> well I'm guessing you know People say
that, but it's possible. It's very
possible.
>> We were talking right before we were
rolling about intersection points,
>> right?
>> Points where maybe you can hop between
timelines or something.
>> Exactly.
>> What does that What does that mean to
you?
>> Well, um,
you know, it's just hard to wrap your
head around. There's no words for that.
The vocabulary for all this is just like
very small.
But um
yeah, I'll have to think on that one
what it means.
>> I was having a dream the other night
about that about timelines changing,
shifting,
>> and
it was such a weird dream, but it was
like, you know, it's like there's
stories of this is really random, but
like Bill Murray, the actor, right?
>> He'll walk around New York City and
he'll like take a French fry from
somebody, eat it, you know, in their
restaurant or whatever. and uh you know
he'll just like literally like off the
street and then they'll look at him
they'll be like that's Bill Murray like
taking my fry or [laughter] whatever and
um and then he'll he'll look at them and
he'll go no one will ever believe you
and that's what a lot of the phenomenon
feels like. It feels like
self-concealing
you know it's like the perfect I'm sure
the perfect amount of the video that you
described was cut off where open-minded
people will believe it and then some
hypers skeptic will not. Then there's
it's it's like there is always some
little stigma left on the evidence that
you do have that is fully debunkable.
But it's it's always like this like
>> that's the phenomena.
>> It is it's messing with
>> and it's designed it's doing that
because there are three kinds of people.
>> I've talked about this many times. There
are three types.
>> Yes,
>> probably more.
>> Okay.
>> But there are people that can see,
right? that can see this. There are
people that I can teach to see.
>> And there are people that can never see.
>> Oh, damn.
>> They'll never see it because they're
skeptical. And when you're skeptical
about this, you will never be in the
club ever. It will not let you in
because it doesn't want to mess with
your free will.
>> But skepticism is also good, you know.
>> But some skeptics can come
seers, right?
>> Sure. But there are some that can never
their brains are wired um
>> you know to where it's a block.
>> You do need some filtering mechanism.
You need some something in your brain
being like that feels
>> wrong or false. You know what's the
phrase? You know your mind could be so
open your brain could fall out, you
know.
>> So do how do you view that? cuz
discernment seems like an important, you
know, part of waiting your way through
this topic.
>> 20 years of it, 19 years of me when it
first happened.
Um,
>> all I knew is that I was afraid when I
was looking at it in the broad daylight.
It came out of the sky in daytime. It
wasn't in dream. It wasn't at night. It
was in the broad daylight. Then they
came and they took me. So that
programmed me in a way there was never
doubting ever doubting.
>> Describe this whole experience. So you
there was just broad daylight and they
came and took you who's they and
>> well they whoever they are.
>> Yeah.
>> Um and this is in my book UFO of God by
the way. I haven't check it out. I
haven't plugged it yet, but
>> um
it was 19 years ago on January the 8th
of 2007
will be 19 years. I was down and out and
lost everything. Lost my home, my
income. I had too many houses on the
market. I was building a 100 homes a
year and had been for 19 20 years. and
the World Trade Center thing happened
and then the housing bubble bust. And so
I found myself
in a place to where I was living in a a
million-doll home on the golf course and
now I'm in a mobile home with no income
and I'm having to apply for free lunch
for my kids. That's how bad it got.
And so I'm crying out to God walking
along. Uh I had gone fishing at the
river with my son and three other guys
and they wanted to fish. And so I walked
away. They were sitting on the bank of
the Cape River and I walked up the way
we came in. We were down in the bottom.
You know, you cross a big cornfield and
then you go down in the river bottom. So
that about a quarter mile down in the
bottom is where they were sitting on the
bank. And I told them I'm going to walk
up to the field and look for deer or
whatever. Just wildlife.
Not telling them how depressed I was and
where I was. I mean, I was struggling
bad, sick with Crohn's disease,
had it 18 years, suffering with it. And
um anyhow, I walk up to that field and
it was just about 10 after 5 when I
started up that way. took about five
minutes to walk, maybe eight.
And
when I got to the top of that hill,
there they were. Two these big balls of
fire, like flaming
40 foot round red, orange glowing balls
of fire. And there the fire is going
around it. And these little tips were
shooting off of it. Flames.
And there were two of them side by side
very low down probably couple hundred
feet above the trees and about 300 yards
away.
And I'm at the back of the field and
they're up at the road the highway you
know that's where they were
and I'm sitting there looking at them
scared to death. First I was mesmerized
like what in the world?
I'm a commercial pilot. Still have my
tickets. And um so I knew right away
what we were looking at wasn't anything
Fort Bragg or any military anybody had.
And so the chill came over me. It's
like, "Oh my god, what am I looking at?"
So this is my mind went from amazement
to fear suddenly.
And then um I guess 5 10 minutes sitting
there watching it. I got so afraid I
wanted to run. So, I turned my body and
pointed down the hill to go run down to
where my son was on the bank of the
river.
And I had to look back one more time.
So, I turned to look back before I went
to run. And when I did, the third one, a
third one above me was invisible. It was
not visible. It just appeared and shot
right straight down in front of me.
5:15, 5:30 in the evening in January.
It's not dark. Um,
4 hours later, I come walking back to
the river where they were and my son was
missing. He wasn't there. He had gotten
lost looking for me on foot. I couldn't
compute any of that. How I had been gone
for 20 minutes is all I could think. And
they were fussing at me. Where have you
been? We've been looking you all night.
And it took me
it took me a long time to reconcile
that. And then my Crohn's was gone. I
had no more sickness. And if anybody has
Crohn's knows how bad that is. It's uh
it's the worst thing. You know, you're
in a restroom 10 times a day. I was at
20 times a day at that point in my life.
So, I'm suffering with sickness and
suffering mentally and depressed and
finally all of it. I'm at the very
bottom crying out, "Lord, help me. What
do I do?"
>> You're living in a relatively small town
in North Carolina where
>> you were, you know, very successful and
known by all your community members and
>> you were at the depths of kind of
despair and I'm sure feeling like a
pariah or something among your
community.
>> Oh, yeah. I came back excited to tell it
and that's when um basically the next
five years of darkness I talk about my
book started and it was the pitchforks
came out, the holy water came out.
>> Yeah.
>> And the social services came to my house
trying to remove me from the house.
>> But real quick, so you said that you
thought it was 20 minutes had gone by.
It was 4 hours.
>> It was 4 hours. And do you remember what
you had experienced? Did you recover the
memories?
>> I recovered quite a bit of them.
>> How'd you recover them?
>> Um, a time and through hypnosis and a
doctor from Harvard helping me. And then
you got to wonder, is it all real? But I
can tell you they talk telepathically.
>> Who is the doctor from Harvard?
>> Dr. Michael Okonnell was his name. And
is he um done this with other
experiences?
>> Yeah, he was trained by John Mack.
>> That's amazing. I didn't know there was
a doctor at Harvard currently who was
trained by So John Mack was the head of
the Harvard psychiatry department
>> who saw a lot of experiencers and
originally he got into it cuz he was
interested in missing time. It's like
all these people are coming with missing
time and then he had been childhood
friends synchronistically with Bud
Hopkins who was very interested in
>> experiencers, abductees. So he has an
heir at Harvard. John Mack does. Michael
Oonnell.
>> Well, he's dead now. He died.
>> Oh, that's unfortunate. I was literally
gonna be like, I want to interview him.
>> Yeah, he's u he was a a I loved the guy.
I mean, we bonded really close until he
died. He lived in South Carolina, so I
lived, you know, an hour and a half from
him. So, we visited a lot.
>> Wow. I think another thing for people to
understand if they are skeptical of
something coming out in a hypnotic
regression,
these experiences are so traumatic.
They're so foreign to you when they
happen,
>> right?
>> If you look at any other extremely
traumatizing experience just in the
world,
>> right? um a woman who's or you know
somebody experiences child abuse or like
something extremely you know serious uh
uh that just shatters your whole being
you will repress that memory.
>> Yeah.
>> And it will often have you know you'll
have fragments of it. You'll have shards
of it. Uh but it'll be like broken glass
and it will you'll need techniques like
this at times to recover th those
memories. So, so this guy Michael
Oonnell works with you,
>> right?
>> And what do you end up recovering?
>> Well, what he you know what he did? I'll
give you a short on what he did. He he
came and he started uh just dialogue
talking and told me that he knew
from his studies that they can tend to
pack a lot of information in your mind
and um it's locked away in there and
that it if you were to remember it all
at one time, it'd probably drive you
crazy. So he um
I can tell you I had severe headaches.
If I tried to think past that missing
time, I would pass out.
>> I did it over and over. When they would
question me, I'd get to a point and I
couldn't think anymore and the headaches
would come so bad, I would pass out.
>> You know, there's there's a really great
book by my mind's just going to all
these crazy places, but there's a book
called Healing Back Pain by Paul Sarno.
It's this amazing book that healed a lot
of people's backs psychossematically
because it it talks about chronic pain
as being adaptive from a psychossematic
perspective. And so maybe even this was
the case with your Crohn's disease that
you were facing where it is more
adaptive to feel physical pain at times
than to process emotional pain,
>> right? And so it would make sense that
actually physical pain would be the
blocker
>> for something that was maybe more
emotionally
>> painful or transformative or something.
>> Makes sense.
>> Yeah.
>> So um so we started working together and
he would tell me we're going to we're
going to program you to where that all
the this information comes out a little
at a time, not too much, but you'll
remember it all. That's what he said.
Immediately when he did the work with me
within days, I started having these
nightmares and dreaming and speaking in
my sleep and talking to my wife and kids
were videoing me in the bed. They'd hear
me, you know, saying all kinds of crazy
things
about my experience. And
but what what it was like, Jesse, was
like a virtual tour. M
>> in other words [clears throat]
the they took me the first thing I
remembered was seeing Egypt why
over the pyramids looking over the
pyramids and seeing the Sphinx that's
all I remember that and seeing this
temple Hatheror's temple
>> and all the animals and the birds it was
just like this video that was playing in
my brain about Egypt
and so I I I you know I studied
everything I could study about that and
I I went to to scholars like Dr. Gilbert
and
>> learned from Robert all kinds of sacred
geometry and
>> I didn't know you learned from Robert
Gilbert.
>> Yeah, he lived in Asheville right close
to me. So
>> famous Rosacrruian scholar.
>> Yeah.
>> Interesting.
>> Loved.
>> Wow. Yeah. He very sad. He uh
>> was I think a nuclear chemist and he
just passed away from cancer very
recently like this year I believe.
>> Yeah. This year.
but a world of knowledge and he helped
me a lot um understanding the symbols I
saw about Egypt and then you know 2019
comes along I write about this in my
book um I'm sick with rheumatoid
arthritis now and I'm been on
chemotherapy for like six seven years
I'm down to 150ome pounds
walking on a cane and now I'm migrating
to a wheelchair there.
That's where I was in 2019.
Diana and Tim were in the Vatican
archives in 2017
and I was supposed to go with them, but
I couldn't. I was sick. And they were
>> Oh, you were supposed to go on that
trip?
>> Well, it could have been arranged. Yeah.
It was all about me. The the whole thing
when they went there, they had a
ceremony in the Vatican.
>> It was supposed to be a ceremony for
you.
>> Yeah, they had a ceremony. They put my
picture in the picture of the pope on
the outside of the archives and then
they placed my photo between the books
of Galileo and Capernicus.
>> Really?
>> Yeah. It'll be there forever.
>> No way.
>> Yeah, sure did.
>> Do you have you have photos of this?
>> I do.
>> Could you send that?
>> Wow. This is amazing.
>> Yeah. So,
>> so and who was was Tim Taylor prompting
them to do this ceremony or
>> I think Diana's connection to the
Vatican and this the lady I speak about
you know here I come in 201 um 12 having
an experience with this lady this
beautiful glowing lady that um boy that
was something too because that was at
the end of five years and I was fighting
the government the those services for my
sanity.
>> Yeah.
>> Um
>> but real quick, so cuz you were
describing your first experience that
>> right,
>> you know, Okonnell helped you get out
>> and so you're you're around the
pyramids. You you see the sacred
geometry which
>> you know uh Dr. uh uh Robert Gilbert
helps you kind of decode, right?
>> Did you decode anything? Do did you
notice any sort of messaging?
>> Yeah, I did. I started seeing likeness
in their the the way they portray their
deities is um in the whole matrix of the
thing you know it's like when Jesus was
born it said uh an angel came and said
go to Egypt right well we don't realize
that Egypt was controlled by Greece for
500 years before that right so perfect
fit for him to go there and to grow up
there and when you start
seeing the similarities between the two
that it's pretty much the same thing and
and
>> stories between two and
>> him between
the trinity Jesus and the trinity and
then raw and Horus and the whole
>> they have a tri triad there right
>> but their
their deities are uh portrayed as
animals and birds forces of nature This
is what Dr. Gilbert spoke about that is
it's all about everything nature and
humanity. And so when then you read the
story of Ezekiel and the will within the
will, right? He walks between two of the
cherubam. It says and he walked between
them and there he met an angel, right?
And what was it? It had faces of animals
and only one part human.
So is it's it's not like grandma
with wings and a beautiful robe, right?
It's just these things are creatures and
they're
it's always um
>> Did you see these creatures?
>> No, I I only I've studied them.
>> Okay.
>> I saw the creatures. Yeah. I drew them.
>> Yeah. when they were um little glowing
beings about this doll.
>> But those seem more of the variety of
the extraterrestrials or aliens people
kind of experience.
>> Well, they say that until you read
Daniel chapter 10 when it talks about an
angel that he saw.
>> And when I described this little being,
I said he looked like glass. He was sh
so shiny. His whole body was glowing
like he had a suit on that was gleaming
like glass. Did you see this alien in
the in the craft or
>> I saw it standing from me to you from
me?
>> And this was in the on the in like the
woods.
>> Yeah.
>> Near your house.
>> Yeah. And I I wrote about this and um
>> and he had a little triangle
>> triangle on his chest. Yeah. Funny.
There's a triangle right there. Right.
>> Oh, there you go. I was thinking that
when you were like, "Look at my little
pendant."
>> I was like, "Well, was that an homage to
the triangle from the alien being?" M
that was from NASA [laughter]
>> and two I have multiple videos and and
if we go skywatching at some point
you'll see the phenomenon will always
try to line up in a triangle or in
threes.
>> Interesting. So it's like maybe the
trinity.
>> Yeah. It's telling us something right.
What is that? I I don't know. I'm It's
all speculation. I'm learning.
>> What else did Robert Gilbert tell you?
because he did seem like a person who
was very tapped into
>> Oh, yeah.
>> kind of deeper esoteric truths.
>> Yeah. A lot. I learned a lot from him
that
that helped me understand that this
world is so far more complex. For
example, um he described pendulums.
>> If you go to Egypt and you dig in the
soil there, the most artifacts that they
find under the ground in Egypt are
pendulums.
>> Is that true?
>> Yeah. That's the most frequent artifact.
>> That's the most frequent. They find the
millions of them. And so
he explained to me what they knew and
how the the people that set Washington
up, they did the same thing. Why they
have an obelisk in Washington, why they
have one in Central Park, why is there
one in France and in England? They have
And they went to Egypt and got those
things and brought them back and stood
those stones up. Well, you know, uh, if
you look at, uh, Charles law font, you
have all this kind of Freemasonic
symbolism around DC,
>> and that is definitely derived from
ancient Egypt. In fact,
>> I've been inside of this like
Freemasonic temple in DC
>> and and by the way, I'm not a Freemason,
and I wouldn't be saying this if I was,
obviously.
>> Um,
>> but like it's it's just you might as
well be in like an Egyptian temple or
something. It's all Egyptian symbology.
>> Yeah.
>> And so you think there's like a link
between
>> I think there's it's a big mystery, but
there's a link some Yeah. some way or
another.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah.
>> So interesting. And then the other
connection for you with ancient Egypt is
so you're around the pyramids and you
see these symbols but and then you
obviously encounter these beings but
later you encounter the lady,
>> right? And she describes herself as
Hatheror. Is that right?
>> Well, that was one name she used. She
she said she had many names.
>> And u she had been called many things
throughout
the world. In other words, Diana, Deer,
Isis, Haththor, Hera,
um
the Virgin Mary, everything. She's had
many names throughout
>> history and by every culture. And the
way she explained it to me helped me
understand
uh religion in a different way. How
people conceive,
you know, like the the Dowist or the the
Muslims or the the Catholics or whoever
>> uh only imagine God in their minds. We
all do. We imagine that and it turns
into an ugly thing because
religions tend to think they have the
skiibby on God and therefore we going to
go to war with you because you don't
believe like us. That's that's the
problem that has to stop. This is the
message she told me that she had many
names throughout history and that God is
God
and we don't know what we think we know
and we need to sit back and reanalyze
and
you know be good children and or we're
going off the cliff.
>> That's kind of the thing she told me.
[gasps]
And she told me about the missiles that
was in 2012. M but um there was so much
there. I came out of the in 2012 telling
it like right away what that that she
explained to me.
>> And you received a prophecy about 2026
as well, right?
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> And what was that?
>> Well, she said um and I had no idea what
it meant. still don't other than she
said that
when the star of Regulus which is a blue
star when it appears red on the horizon
at the dawn uh before the sun comes up
and the gaze of the spinx in other words
I saw it in a vision the whole thing you
can see the spinx facing east and this
thing's just cresting the top she said
when that happens that will uh be a sign
that ushers in a new knowledge for
humanity.
>> So, does that mean the return of Jesus
or the return of Christ consciousness?
It could. And I uh think that's
possible. [sighs]
Uh but
[snorts]
it's it marks a sign, she said, to where
the the darkness would be exposed
and the truth would be revealed. M so
>> I think we're going to learn something
over the next couple of years that you
know and this was 12 years ago I said
this 13 years ago 2012
>> right and how when these missiles
started flying and the orbs started
appearing that got a lot of attention on
me real quick
>> yeah I'm it's funny I'm caught between
two minds one is you know I think even
the book of Matthew it's something like
>> nobody knows
other than God,
>> right?
>> Uh paraphrasing, but yeah, nobody knows
the day. Um and then on the other hand,
it does feel like just this gestalt
sense of like things are getting
weirder.
>> Yeah.
>> Dark truths are being revealed ongoing.
Feels like it's already started.
>> Um and it feels like we're on the verge
of some sort of paradigm shift.
>> Yeah, we are definitely.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah, I agree with that 100. And I I
think everybody sees something coming
and a new knowledge just coming and a
new shift that um
things that I know that um imagine a
world without oil.
>> So you think we're going to have free
energy at some point soon or something?
>> Imagine a world without rockets,
>> right?
>> So that kind of knowledge alone would
change everything,
>> right? all of humanity and so that's in
our future. Well, that was Thomas Towns
and Brown's vision, you know, a world
beyond rockets that, you know, he had
this model of electrogravidics
which connected electromagnetism and
gravity which,
>> you know, in kind of our standard
physics is, you know, we don't have a
link between those two things,
>> right? And uh if you were to get a link,
if the input was pure electromagnetism
or you know electrical and the output
was some sort of gravit gravitational
perturbation
um that that that would be paradigm
shifting. I mean you get well beyond
what SpaceX is which is extremely
inefficient. you know, most of I believe
the the Starship, their latest rocket,
is I think it's 5,000 metric tons and a
an extremely high percentage of that I
mean, the payload capacity of it is like
150 tons. So, that ratio alone,
>> it's all fuel. The whole thing is fuel,
right?
>> That's not efficient. That's not
>> alien interstellar space travel. Doesn't
make sense.
>> Well, I imagine a day that we won't need
those things.
>> In fact, they probably already had that.
Do you think they do?
>> I think so.
>> Really?
>> I think it's possible.
>> So, why not? Cuz why not let it out
then?
>> Because it
it would change everything.
>> It could it could create It's something
that has to be given slowly.
>> It's too disruptive.
>> Too disruptive. Yeah. Imagine
>> it would definitely be destabilizing for
institutions.
>> Exactly. you know, if you had, say,
right now we're paying, I'm just going
to throw fake numbers out there, but
$15, you know, per kilowatt hour for
electricity or whatever. If that reduced
to 10 cents per kilowatt hour,
>> a whole lot of institutions would kind
of crumble. Corporations would
experience a lot of like for the people
who are like there it wouldn't, you
know, destabilize things. I think that's
crazy. I think it would I think it would
be very positive. Well, it would be in
the end, but imagine the oil tankers,
the thousands of them or refineries and
all the jobs involved with it. So,
>> sure.
>> Yeah. But then imagine the abundance on
the other side.
>> All of those people their quality of
life of life would be dramatically
better. Yeah.
>> So,
>> so is that the new knowledge? I don't
know. But I think that is a is a there's
a whole lot of things that are going to
come forward that have been hidden from
us. And
the main thing is the truth that we're
not alone.
>> Yeah. I mean that well that's clear to
me. You know I think that's that's
definitely a thing. [laughter]
>> And so I believe next year we'll be
closer to that than ever.
>> Yeah.
>> And the word apocalypse, by the way, you
know what that means? the unveiling.
>> Yeah. To to reveal a secret.
>> To reveal the secret.
>> Yeah.
>> That's all. And and people think when
you hear that and if you look on Google,
it says the ultimate destruction, the
end. You know, it's lying to us. That's
not what the word means at all. It means
>> to reveal that which has been hidden.
>> And it's it's the veil thinning. And I
think for some people that will be very
good and for other people will be very
bad. It depends on your orientation to
it, right? And I think it does have this
connotation of, you know, the beaselbub
coming down and breathing fire onto
everybody, sorting people and whatever,
but like
>> I think if you were oriented
in a in a good way spiritually, I, you
know, I don't think it'll necessarily be
bad for you. I also don't even, you
know, we're talking about it like it's
one, you know, crazy event with these
like divine beings. Maybe it's like a
slowmoving event.
>> That's exactly the way I see it. It's
not like snap your fingers and
something. We're not going to wake up on
Easter or whenever that time happens.
>> Yeah.
>> I'm torn by the way
because for eight years I wrote and
talked about
this alignment being in September
>> somewhere in the fall cuz that was the
date given to me by some people into
astrology. And then they come back right
when I go to write my book and say, "Oh,
we made a mistake. It said Easter." And
I thought, well, that sounds plausible
because the lady's always coming around
Easter. I have this and saying
experiences every year at Easter. Are
you still having them?
>> Yeah.
>> That's amazing. So, you still speak to
every year.
>> And you think it's the same, the Virgin
Mary, Hatheror, Demiter, you think all
of these?
>> I think it's the Sophia,
>> the wisdom, the Holy Spirit.
>> So, that would be kind of the Gnostic
version or something.
>> Yeah. Yeah. That's that's who I think
that this this being is. It was a spirit
and it was definitely holy in her
presence, right? And so and and and she
physically impacted me because the wind
blew me backwards to the ground. It was
such a blast of wind that blew me down.
And I started researching that
>> and the the word spirit
is the wind,
right? And the word Holy Spirit is the
breath of God.
>> But it was the wind that affected me and
the power from it. This this cow came
over me. But the wind pushed me back.
>> What does she look like? looked like the
most beautiful
35 40 year old woman you've ever seen
>> just glowing and um typical Virgin Mary
apparition type thing or
>> and you know this thing this this this
spirit appears in every country. It
appeared to the Native Americans in in
the Wild West back you know they called
her the white buffalo calf lady. The
Egyptians called her hathor and earlier
before met and the birth mother the the
the
creator in proverbs in the Bible chapter
8 and n talks about wisdom it's the name
of the chapters and it talks about and
she was created before
the earth was created before the
beginning of time. Wow. So who is she? I
don't know but that's my thought. What
what was the feeling that came over you
when you saw her when you see her
regularly?
>> It's uh [sighs and gasps]
when I first saw her, it was it was very
impactful because the the cow ran me
over and so I had this extreme fright to
start with and then I land on my back
and I roll over to get up and run and
there is this beautiful woman. So I went
from extreme fear to oh my god, what is
this in front of me?
>> Is the cow running you over part of the
whole thing? Is that
>> that was part of the her coming at me.
She came at me at night out of the
darkness as a wind the wind hit me and
as I'm going backwards to the ground I
see a translucent cow run over top of me
and I could see stars up through the
thing.
>> I'm like, "Oh my god." And and I was
frightened so bad. I landed on my back
and I turned to get up and run and
there's this woman about from here to
that camera 3 ft off the ground
hovering. And she looked at me and she
said, "You know why I'm here?"
[sighs and gasps]
And I'll tell you why she said that.
Because five years had gone by 2007 to
2012.
And I had been beaten down and broken by
the community. My children were falling
apart. the schools, the teachers were
calling them to the side, is your dad
crazy? We hear about all this, are you
all right? Somebody from there called
social services on me and I had to fight
to be at home with my children. It was
that bad. So five years of that,
I walked out on Easter, Saturday night,
Easter of 2012. Sunday morning is
Easter, right? And
I shouted to this guy, "Thank you for
saving me. Thank you for healing me, but
you've ruined my life. Now my children
are affected and I and I have caused
them great harm and and I'll never speak
about this again. Even though I had the
desire, they put this in me like the
famous movie Close Encounters where you
see he's making a mashed potato mountain
on his in dirt and he's throwing it in
the wind and bushes and he's creating
devil's sour, right? He didn't know what
it was, but it was in his head. So, I
was that guy. I had to tell everybody.
And the more I told it, the more trouble
I got myself into.
>> And what you're referencing with your
family is Junior, your son, who had gone
looking for you. Yeah.
>> Also saw beings, was really shocked,
>> right?
>> And what he experienced.
>> It was a community that caused him to
want to leave home.
>> Really?
>> Yeah. Yeah, you [clears throat] 17 years
old and my right hand it was with me
everywhere I went and we come home
telling the world about it and now the
whole community has come on us and so 5
years into it I'm out telling the
heavens I quit I'll never talk about it
again and then she appears and says you
know why I'm here this is your burden
you must bear you have to tell what you
know and if you do I will allow you to
video record and film my presence and
share it with others.
>> The the lady said that
>> she told me that.
>> And are you going to
>> Well, let me tell you, from 2007 to
2012, I had zero data. I was out every
night with a camera trying to get
pictures to save myself from the
community, right? The more I tried, the
less it would let me film it. It'd be
hovering in the trees behind my house.
I'd pull the camera out and it would
vanish.
>> Yeah. every time.
So, I was angry about that. I'm trying
to prove myself sane. And my child is
now left home because the community has
has just been tough. So, um, she's like,
"You're not going to quit. I'm going to
help you." So, from that point forward,
I started being able to film it and
sharing it with anybody. And I've
amassed
terabytes
and terabytes of data, video, photo,
audio,
and um never a picture until 2012 when
she came.
>> Why do you think these guys from NASA
are showing up at your door? We
mentioned Tim Taylor earlier. He's a
NASA mission controller, but Hal
Pavvenmeer also showed up originally.
And I think you Ryan, your son,
mentioned that kind of at the end of his
life, you realized that he was both CIA
and NASA.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> And so what do you think their interest
in all of this is?
>> Um, [sighs and gasps] and there are a
lot more NASA guys. That was two of them
really. In fact, I had dinner with Hal's
wife this weekend. She came from Florida
>> to Chris Junior's wedding.
>> Oh, wow.
>> Yeah. We love them. And uh but there are
a lot of other NASA guys that I'm
currently talking with.
>> Several one tells me wherever I go, but
they're all interested.
>> They tail you wherever you go.
>> They're they're with me.
>> Really?
>> Yeah. Usually traveling with me.
Somebody associated with that. Yeah.
>> What do you think they want?
>> They all want to study it. They want to
know and they observe it with me. They I
take them out. We You know, we do a lot
of work.
>> Are they with you in Austin, Texas?
Well, no, but they wanted to be.
[laughter] I only have one night and my
wife's friend traveled with me because
she was at our house and her kids are
right down the street.
>> Uhhuh.
>> But, uh, usually I go nowhere without
somebody with me.
>> For a reason.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah. I've had some things that that um
caused me to want to have somebody with
me all the time. What happened that
caused you to want to not leave, you
know, go anywhere on a company?
>> Um, well, I've been threatened a few
times by different ones and I
was at the PSI games this year. Sigh
games. I call it PSI. Sigh games. And um
came out of a conference speaking and
when I walked out the door, this mad
lady comes running up to me and tries to
kidnap me.
>> What?
>> Yeah. Has something with drugs on it.
tried to get me in a van with no driver
with no tags on it and security had to
come. They had to call the law on her.
>> Yeah. So
>> crazy
>> crazy people.
>> Yeah. I I imagine you attract a lot of
nutty people
>> big time.
>> What do you think the Vatican knows
about all of this? If they had a picture
of you and they were doing some ceremony
about you and you were supposed to come,
what do you think they think of you?
Well, I can share a couple photos of you
for that, but um
I got three pictures, several quite a
few paintings that they have in the
Vatican that Diana sent me from there.
and Pope Francis
uh she said to tell me that
they know that they're angels
>> that uh they don't mean to harm us, but
their energy if they get excited can
cause harm to a human. So just be
careful and try to ask it not to get too
close to you. And these three photos or
paintings show um orbs with angels in
them.
That's what they told me.
>> Yeah. Because you know, you have St.
Francis of Aisi.
>> Yep.
>> Who she writes about in 13th century
Mount Lever in Italy,
>> right?
>> Brother Leo is right next to him and he
sees this uh angel. But if you look at
the original Greek translation,
>> it's a flaming torch. Yep.
>> She thinks it's this UFO experience and
that the stigmata he receives, these
wounds on his hands are actually
electromagnetic damage.
um that like you know Gary Nolan or
somebody studying kind of modern
experiencers interacting with UFOs might
just say oh that's like an
electromagnetic burn or you like you see
it in Close Encounters of the Third
Kind. You see the the burn on his face.
>> I got I got um Yeah, I got radiation
burns. Plasma radiation. That's what
NASA told me it was the uh
>> So you got you also got plasma radiation
burns?
>> No, I didn't. But I was warned a million
times by how Bob and Meyer and different
ones at NASA kept calling me honestly
over and over. Don't let them get too
close. Don't get too close to them. The
how was telling me that they knew the
voltage was like 33 million volts in one
of these things. And if it got near me,
it would kill me dead. So that they have
like a scientific model of how these
angels work at NASA.
>> They know a lot more than we know than
we think they do. They just don't share
it. Right.
>> But so who is this like team like
between CIA and NASA that knows a lot
about angels?
>> Well, I don't know that. But I know the
the NRO is the ones that have the keys
to this thing.
>> Really? And why do you think that?
>> Cuz they have the keys to all the
satellites and all the eyes on the sky.
And they're the ones that every rocket
when it goes up, right? They observe
every aspect of that rocket
>> for reasons, for mechanical reasons, and
for a surprise visit that happens pretty
much every time they launch one.
>> Do you think that rockets attract UFOs?
>> That's what I'm saying. Every time they
send one up, it attracts them and
they'll come up and look at it if it has
weapons on board.
>> Does Tim Taylor know Elon Musk?
>> Yeah.
>> Do they work together?
>> Um, for sure. Yeah.
>> Did Tim ever tell you that?
>> Well, he mentioned his name, but he
didn't say he worked for him. But he he
controls all the launches.
>> Controls all the launches.
>> Tim does. He's the launch guy. He's he's
the dragon. His console is called Dragon
Control.
>> And he controls all of the launches out
of Cape Canaveral. Or
>> he's the guy. He's the one. And I'll
tell you what he does
>> when they fire a rocket up, right? Mhm.
>> They have these big groundbased cameras
like on a World War II um battleship
where they sit on a gun and they could
turn a handle and the gun would go
around and you know they could control
this thing they're sitting on. Well,
they have big binoculars on a like that
and they can get on this thing and
follow this rocket up and they got it to
about 50,000 ft. Then it gets blurry. So
at that point it's intercepted by a
WB-57 run out of Houston by a good
friend of mine which is National
Reconnaissance Office works with Taylor.
So his crew is up there at 50,000 ft and
it intercepts the rocket. So they film
it with seven cameras on that thing
where it goes right on up. When it gets
up to 100,000 ft, then it's intercepted
by F104 star fighter equipped with
another seven or eight cameras on it.
And so it trails it right on up until it
runs out of sight of it. And then the
satellites take it over. And the only
ones that can look at the satellites are
these NRO guys.
>> And Tim walks out of his control into a
private room where all the screens are.
So his eyes are on all that. It's
>> fascinating.
>> Yeah.
>> How did he get into that line of work?
Because if you read Launch Fever, I
don't think he's traditionally
credentialed or trained.
>> Well, my friend from Houston told me he
helped him get that position.
>> And who's your friend from Houston?
>> I can't say. Okay. He lives right down
the road from here on a big on a big
ranch right out here. Yeah.
>> Well, I'd love to meet him.
Yeah, [laughter]
>> we can figure it out.
>> I'll show you a picture of him later.
>> Okay, cool. Um, wow. Fascinating. And,
um, cuz Tim also works at Aerospace
Corporation, right?
>> Yeah.
>> And what do you think the link is
between NASA and Aerospace Corporation?
>> I know a lot of those guys are NRO.
>> Okay. Interesting.
>> And they carry Blackberries everywhere
they go.
>> Blackberries?
>> Yeah.
>> Not iPhones, Androids. They have all
that, but they have Blackberries. They
do their business.
>> Do you think he's a time traveler?
>> I think it's entirely possible.
I, you know, honestly, I I can tell you
a story about him.
>> Yeah,
>> it's in my book.
>> Um, I think it made it in. I wrote
140,000 words and we only published 85
and that was what they recommended for
the right size of book, right? So, but
in one of the stories I talk about Tim
right after we came back from
Zanesville, Ohio. He came to my house
and uh
we had this famous tree on my yard that
caught fire. This a video out on the
internet. You can see Chris Bledo
burning tree. Well, we had this tree
that just spontaneously combusted in the
backyard. It rained for two days.
Grounds wet. Everything's wet. And uh my
wife and I walk out the back door at
9:00 and this poof, it erupted into
flames and was shooting 20 15 ft up
through the tree
and uh she put it out three times with a
hose pipe and kept reigniting itself and
uh so that got the attention of
everybody and Tim wanted to see this
tree. So he's at my house come I picked
him up at the airport.
He goes to my daughter's homecoming game
that night. She was a little homecoming
princess in the 10th grade.
Now she's a has a double masters from
NYU. So that's been long time ago,
right?
We walk up to this tree
and having just a good, you know,
conversation and all of a sudden the one
side of the tree is open where it burnt
from the inside. The tree caught fire in
the inside and burnt a hole through the
side of the tree. And when we walked up
to it, he walks up and puts his head
right up to look up in the tree. And all
of a sudden, this snake comes out of the
tree. This silver snake. And it was
perfectly I never seen anything like it
ever. It was silver as a silver
automobile. Perfect color.
He jumps back and he grasps for air. Oh
my god. Just like that. He looks at me
and he was short with words and he said,
uh, he said, 'You know,
my grandmother is full-blooded cho tall
Indian and I went to to um school on a
minority grant.
My grandma told me if I ever saw a
silver snake,
it was part of their their history,
right? She said it would be a message
from God.
And he saw that and told me all about
it. But I watched his reaction and it it
got the best of him when that snake come
out of that tree.
>> And you saw the snake.
>> I was standing beside him.
>> What do you think the message could have
been from God?
>> It was a message from him for him to
understand this whole thing was from God
somehow another. M [clears throat]
H and how does one of the most
interesting
things I wonder is if you read American
Cosmic or talk to Diana Pulka, it's
almost like they visited the Vatican
archives. He figured out a way in before
she had gotten there and then they were
sort of celebrating him at the Vatican
Observatory. Like it why would the
Vatican Observatory know who a random
NASA mission controller is? It makes me
think he is not a random NASA mission.
>> No, he's not a random guy at all. He's
um
let's just say he runs with the biggest.
>> How do you think he has a connection
with the president?
>> Yeah, absolutely. He briefed he briefed
Obama on me. That's where this come
from.
>> He briefed Obama on you. It came from
him with a a dinner napkin from Camp
David, Maryland.
>> And you're sure of that?
>> Positive.
>> And did he tell you that he briefed
Obama?
>> No, he didn't tell me that, but I know
that's what it means.
>> Because of the
the uh letter head.
>> Yeah. And where it came from.
>> Bob Maguire, who is I think former Intel
and a friend of yours, came on the show
and he said, "I that that cannot be
faked." Right.
>> That definitely came from Camp David.
Yeah,
>> it's a napkin and an envelope with a
napkin partially obscuring the address
that's on the envelope. I knew the
address because it was the address of
Chris Bledsoe.
I knew the napkin because it was the
presidential seal on a napkin from Camp
David. There's only one way you can have
that napkin cuz it's a crime to copy the
presidential seal. There's only one
person that can get you to Camp David.
And the picture was mailed to him by Tim
Taylor. By Tim Taylor. And the only
person at that story can have been told
to in that envelope was Barack Obama.
Oh my god. The letter to me is ironclad
proof that Chris's story was taken all
the way to Barack Obama
>> via Tim Taylor.
>> Yes.
>> You might think he was trying to throw
you off the trail if he said, "I briefed
the president and was bragging or
whatever, but found it out
independently."
>> Right. I found it out. I didn't know
what it meant, but I knew that it uh he
told me he just returned from Camp David
and it was at Christmas when he gave
>> Oh, so he told you that?
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Wow. And he said, "I was at the dinner
table with the president and handed me
that uh nap."
>> He said that. Yeah. Okay. So, he did
tell you that.
>> But he didn't tell me. He briefed him.
But he did give me the napkin and the
>> and this. Yeah.
>> And you believe him?
>> Yeah. Had no reason not to.
>> You know,
>> have you ever caught him in a lie?
>> No.
>> Ever?
>> I wouldn't. Not that I can recall.
>> Everything he said has either come out
to be true or you're waiting for
confirmation.
>> Right. Right.
>> Wow. Have you independently verified
>> some of what you told me? Yeah, 100%.
>> Is there an example of that?
>> No, but it's just, you know, it'd be
like
it's just so hard to pinpoint any one
thing.
>> Sure. Or like I don't know some of the
things about how the NRO or NASA work
together. Have you been able to verify
anything?
>> Yeah, absolutely.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. Do you think that the Big Dipper
or Ursa Major has anything to do with
the UFO phenomena? You've said that
you've seen UFOs come from that
constellation specifically.
>> I have a Yeah. But you know, I've
learned since then
it it it that doesn't matter.
>> It's wherever I look.
I can take you out at night and face one
certain direction and only have a hole
to look through that direction and it'll
come from there.
>> We can turn in any direction and focus
there and that's where it'll come from.
>> So, do do you think the Vatican and the
president and whoever Tim Taylor, you
know, the hammer, do you think they're
all coordinating in some way? Like this
archangel, the Vatican and the president
or what do you think the connection is
there? I don't have a clue. [laughter] I
don't know. I'm just telling you what I
was told, right?
>> So, I've been told a lot of things, but
he told me about the movie The
Adjustment Bureau and the story about
the hammer.
>> Yeah. Have you ever watched the Netflix
show Dark by any chance? No.
>> Do Do you think that you you mentioned
>> uh Tim's grandmother being Native
American? So, is he a time traveler? I
know where he came from, right, as a
young boy, which is
>> well, he told me the story about his
upbringing, his Native American grandma.
And
>> so I would I'm just answering that
question you asked earlier. Is he a time
traveler? I don't know. I just know he
told me and shared with me his
childhood. So,
>> did he say anything else about Thomas
Towns and Brown?
>> Not a lot other than we went there. we
went to uh in a conversation about his
his uh daughter and that he was actively
and I actually have the manuscript saved
on my phone. He shared with me that he
was working with her on
>> on this book
>> on that book.
>> Whatever happened to the book?
>> I don't know. But I know I have the
manuscript that they were writing.
>> Oh, I I would love to read it.
[laughter]
Whether they were publishing it or ended
up publishing it, I I don't know if they
did or not.
>> What was it going to be about
>> about their father? Her father and his
work and Tim's input confirming it. Oh,
>> and Tim definitely knew Towns of Brown.
>> Yeah, he knew his daughter had caught
her when I was there with him.
>> This is crazy.
>> Yeah,
>> this is so interesting.
>> I want Are you still in touch with Tim?
>> I haven't spoke to him. He sent word to
me a couple years ago. I had to
>> I I want to speak to him about towns and
brown.
>> He's a ghost, Tim.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. His his whole life I admire him
because his real life is in medical
>> saving children.
>> Cares more about the children and and
the struggles they have and diseases and
cancers and finding cures for that. I
I'm I'm sort of like a part of me is
like hesitant to even ask questions
about him because I don't like honing in
on any specific individual, right?
>> But when there's a specific individual
who seems like they're embedded at the
deepest levels of power structures that
go as high as he does, they're claiming
things to you and Diana Pulka that seem
kind of otherworldly, you know. I just
have to be fascinated and it and both
you and Diana have, you know, public,
you know, followings. And so I'm like,
okay, like you have to know like some of
this stuff's going to get out and you're
going to instill curiosity, you know,
and I, you know, I don't know if you
know this, but I met him once for like
20 minutes on like a FaceTime or
whatever.
>> Damn, you did.
>> Yeah, I met him. Yeah. Um, it was so
stupid in retrospect because now I'd ask
him so many other questions, but like
>> you were tongue tied at that moment,
huh?
>> Not only tongue-tied, I would because I
was invested in um this rocket company
and they were struggling to get off the
launch pad and I normally I separate the
woo UFO stuff entirely from like, you
know, that world. I don't I, you know, I
try not to mix them at all,
>> right? But uh I was kind of desperate
and I was like okay I I did read this
book American Cosmic and I know that
like you know there's this guy and he
claims to use consciousness to get the
you know rockets off the pad and so I'm
like if there's anything there I know
the guys I'm working with you know
invested in they're not thinking about
consciousness as any sort of factor
component. So that was the impetus for
me to talk to him and we talked about
that for 20. The trippiest thing he said
to me and I don't remember exactly how
he said it but it was clear this was the
implication is he said
for you to succeed in your rocket
company like you have to know what they
want you know. Yeah
>> and like Diana said it you know called
it the sponsors and it's you know but
it's the the beings or whatever. Now you
know why he has a private office and
then the only one with eyes on whatever
comes up to that rocket.
>> He's the only one with eyes on that.
>> Well, he's the one at Cape Canaveral in
that room.
>> What where does the nickname the dragon
come from?
>> I don't know, but he has a tattoo on his
arm of the dragon. And when I was
allowed to get on base,
>> I had to get a tattoo right here. Just
>> it was part of the mission.
>> Really? And it was of a dragon.
>> Yeah. Whoa. And then you have the the
Dragon capsule at, you know, at SpaceX.
And I don't know if that's Do you think
that's a coincidence or
>> No, it was all part of it.
>> Do you think so?
>> Yeah.
>> Um,
when you were at Cape Canaveral,
he was showing you around. Did he show
you anything interesting?
>> Yeah, a lot of stuff.
>> Anything exciting or kind of beyond what
you would expect just at a, you know, a
normal
>> I was like a kid right here. the the
most secure place on the planet, Cape
Canaveral. The mission control, he told
me it was more secure than the White
House. Nothing is that secure.
[sighs]
>> And last time I talked about this, I got
in trouble, right?
>> Really?
>> Well, yeah. Uh, one particular thing I
mentioned on Danny Jones podcast.
>> Oh, well, you got in trouble for saying
something.
>> Well, yeah. Well, it it got I don't want
to say it here because it got his got it
it it got the algorithm killed on that.
>> You said that uh the views were like,
you know, it was like doing 50k a day.
Oh, yes.
>> And then it cuts off. You speak to some
rep at Google and they're like,
>> "We don't know what the hell happened
here. It doesn't make any sense given
the clickthrough rate, average view
duration, which should basically define
the video's performance."
>> He goes, "The one other time I've seen
this is with Jesse's David Grush video."
>> Exactly. performance fell off a cliff.
>> Yep.
>> So,
>> and he said that he said that my video
[clears throat] with Bledsoe and your
video with Grush, neither of them broke
any YouTube rules or had any internal
red flags that he was able to see.
>> Yep.
>> And he goes, "Whenever this happens,"
which has happened one other time
recently with David Grush.
>> Yep.
>> It's basically the floor above me that I
have no access to.
>> Yep.
>> Some something above my head that I
don't know what the hell's going on. So,
what the hell is going on?
>> Yeah. Danny Jones said that. Yeah,
>> the video got totally like cut off,
throttled,
>> right?
>> And he was confused. And Danny, by the
way, is not like a dogmatic UFO believer
at all.
>> It goes back and forth on the whole
thing a lot.
>> And he's apparently called this rep at
Google and Google said, you know, the
only time this has ever happened and
it's the floor above us and a video's
totally gotten nuked was uh Jesse
Michael's David Grash interview.
>> Yeah. [laughter] Right. Oh, well that
happened with me and I put him in touch
with my friend in Washington in the CIA
and I I said, "Look, they they just
killed this
>> and he got to the bottom of it." But
>> he did.
>> Yeah.
>> And he figured out that there was actual
possible obstruction with
>> Well, from what I heard was just
something I mentioned got the attention
of the news and the news called NASA and
NASA's like, "God, we don't want to talk
about this."
>> What?
This is crazy. Well, because I mean
Trump just designated NASA as a spy
agency.
>> Well,
>> and it's already it's it's you're
already, you know, you're labeling a
thing that's already been the case for,
you know, decades,
>> right?
>> But this is just confirmation of that.
That's what
>> this is. What happened with that video
with Danny still got what 1.2 or three
million views?
>> A ton of views. Do Do you think that um
NASA has other propulsion modalities?
I think they've had it a long time.
>> Really?
>> I know they were working on it a long
time ago because I was asked to to work
on which way electrons move.
>> Really?
>> Yeah.
>> And what does that mean? And what what
is it when working on it?
>> Back engineering machines.
>> Reverse engineering UFO.
>> Yeah.
>> Really?
>> Yep. Are the UFOs like
alien reproduction vehicles that like
hover and then go into space or are they
like high voltage chambers that are like
portals like in the movie Contact where
you end up in some other dimensional
space?
>> Probably both of that exists. I don't
know. But um and you think NASA is
sitting on this stuff? I don't know that
NASA is necessarily, but there are
satellite groups that
keep it under wraps. It's so far buried.
>> According to Tim, there were two
generals at the Pentagon that knew
everything.
>> And which general?
>> Two. He didn't tell me. Interesting.
Air Force generals.
>> Air Force general.
>> See, when you go to NASA, the mission
control, when you walk in there, it's a
square building with a long hallway in
the very middle. And when you walk down
this hallway, it's glass uh glass on
both sides, right?
>> And you look to the right, here's all
NASA scientists and launching, you know,
at the consoles. And you look to the
left, it's exactly the same, but it's
all Air Force people. So they have dual
redundancy. Air Force over here
>> and civilian on this side
>> running every launch. And
>> Tim's in the middle of all of it. And
then once that rocket goes up, he
disappears into this one little room
>> that has eyes on it the whole time.
>> What was the most interesting thing you
saw with your own eyes at Cape
Canaveral?
>> Uh probably um
[sighs and gasps] well, I learned some
interesting things that I did or won't
share. um not on here, but um I guess
going into crew quarters was the
greatest thing for me because when we
got there, this building had been built
like in the late 50s
when they first started Mercury and
launching to the moon, right? And only
according to him, only 300 people had
ever been in that building in all those
years. Only 300. He said only one
president, no congressman, anyone. And
he said, you know, don't go around
sharing this because here I am sharing
it because they might get upset why
they're not allowed in this place. And
those 300 people would include the staff
that run the place, the den mother
that's been there. I met her, she'd been
there 35 years and she has a small group
of people. the doctor that's on that
lives there with the mom, the dad, and
the children. So those 300 people would
be John Glenn and and Armstrong and
their family, right? So their kids and
the wives and all. So, a very small
group of people had been in there
[sighs and gasps]
and I got to tour the whole place and
sit where the astronauts sit and have a
to sit in the boardroom and go in the
doctor's offices and sit where they put
their their space suits on. I got to
look through all that and handle it and
um it's amazing. But I was told
that when you leave from here, you'll
never be the same. He said that every
time that thing went up, when it came
back down, something came with them and
it was still there.
>> What came with them?
>> Well, the whatever the spirit is,
phenomenon, something intelligent,
>> wow,
>> is there. Yep.
So like
almost like a hitchhiker tagalong effect
or something.
>> They would go up and then they'd come
back down but be
>> be hitched with some sort of
>> spiritual thing.
>> Yeah.
>> Whoa.
>> Yeah. That's why he told me that and
that's why they don't let everybody in
there.
>> And do you do so is your take because
there's to me there's something weird
about the moon landing. I don't think
it's necessarily fake like, you know,
not like full hoax or something, but
there's something that feels very
managed about our perception on it.
>> What do you think actually happened?
>> That's a big one cuz I've learned some
things since about that. I've seen some
photos of the moon and um some things I
can't dare say, but what I saw makes me
wonder, is it is it real?
Is it an illusion? Was it put there? Tim
insinuated that it was it wasn't there
by accident. That it was set there.
That's all he would say. They're very
sly with their words. But
>> I I I think that's the case, too.
>> It's tidal locked, so you never see the
dark side. It's 1/400th the size of the
sun, but 400 times closer to the Earth
>> from the sun in this sort of Yeah.
perfect way. And the conventional story
of how it was made makes no sense to me.
>> The idea that there was some sort of
proto earth and this Marslike object hit
Earth or whatever like this massive
object hit Earth. Part of the Earth's
mantle came out and formed formed this
perfect cylindrical
>> primmaaccia. You don't need to be an
expert in this stuff to know that that's
probably not the case, right? And then
parts of it seem hollow. There seemed to
be caverns in it there. You know, they
put seismometers on the moon. If you
believe the face value story of Apollo
11, even conventional, like nobody can
argue with this. They put, you know,
seismometers on the moon and it rang
like a bell,
>> right?
>> So, and then I think Gordon McDonald,
who's Eisenhower's space advisor, said
the moon would only make sense if it
were hollow or something like that.
>> It's just a strange It's a strange
object.
>> It is strange. And
it affects our thoughts. You think it
affects our thoughts?
>> Absolutely it does.
>> Well, you have this sort, you know,
check and hide like
>> lunacy, right? That lunacy. Lunatic.
That's where it came from. That's right.
If you go to the sheriff's department,
the jails fill up on a full moon.
>> Yes. Fair enough. Yeah. And I mean, you
you do have, you know, obviously women's
cycles affected by the by the moon. you
know, the idea that it doesn't affect
>> I don't want to go full astrology
necessarily, but you know, the idea that
it doesn't affect, you know, ecological
processes or biological processes is
that's wrong. So then what what is the
extent of that effect? I don't know. But
something I saw tends to make me think
that uh
that um
it's an illusion or it's u
is something I just can't say without
getting
>> What do you think it is? You think
something about our souls?
>> What about the backside of it?
>> What do you think? Do you think there
are some aliens there or beings there?
>> I think there's something illuminated
back there.
What do you think is illuminated back
there?
>> I don't know.
>> Is it like the John Lear like soul
catcher thing?
>> No, I don't believe in all that, man.
>> So, what what what do you think's
illuminated on the back side of the
moon?
>> I don't know. But, um I have to leave
that.
>> If you were to give a highle riddle or
hint, [laughter]
>> um
I don't know. I just think that the
backside is nothing like the front side.
M
>> if you find photos of it, if they're
real, it doesn't look anything like the
front side. And from what I've seen,
there is something behind it hidden back
there.
>> And and Tim seemed to think that it
wasn't there by accident. Just the
movie.
>> Exactly what he told me. It wasn't by
accident.
>> Was it towed into place?
>> That was one of the things he
>> Yeah,
that was one of the conversations I
heard.
>> Wow. Do you think do you get the vibe
that he has some metaphysical worldview
that is
more concrete? Because the average
person, you talk to them about
metaphysics and if they speak in a self-
assured way, they're probably full of
>> right?
>> And they're either full of or
they're really epistemically humble and
they're like, "I don't know. I take
these things metaphorically." And you
know,
>> so it's like one or the other. And then
occasionally, occasionally, especially
if you're a seeker like you know you are
or I am, you meet somebody and it's like
you have kind of a more concrete
understanding of what's going on out
there,
>> right?
>> Do do you feel like he's one of those
things?
>> 100% that way. You feel like that
>> and you don't think he was sort of
conning you in any way or
>> Well, I thought that some of the things
he said flew in the face of what I
believe then,
>> but now
>> years later,
you know, our thoughts change on this
thing. And so some of the things he was
telling me makes more sense today.
>> Do you think there's a Native American
connection? A lot of people, you know,
I've interviewed Mario Woods on my show
who uh, you know, is native of Native
American descent and people say that,
you know, if you have Yeah. that that
that ancestry, you might be able to get
in touch with this stuff a little more
easily. Other people say that about Rh
negative blood. Do Do you think either
of those things are true?
>> I think there's a possibility with the
blood. I'm not sure about that. But I do
know that I was a book showed up to my
house that uh was sent from some folks
in the government CIA and said, "Read
this." And it was the Miss and I I I
can't remember the whole title, but it
was the ancient miss and lore of the
Cherokee.
>> And it was written by James Mooney in
1891.
That's when it was published in 1891 by
James Mooney.
And the book
talks about the Cherokee little People.
It talks about the Thunder Boys. It
talks about a missing time. It talks
about all sorts of stuff in this book.
And um that when they gave me that, they
were particularly interested interested
if I had a Native American blood in my
DNA. And so I went and had all that done
through Ancestry and 23 of me. Come to
find out I'm 99% Irish, British,
Scottish, you know. So no Native
American there.
Have you ever seen a UFO in a hanger?
>> Nope.
>> You're just seen it in the in space.
>> Or on the ground. Do you think that uh
the kind of you know security
establishment in the US has UFOs in in
its possession? They're reverse
engineering them.
>> Well, they're big liars if they don't
cuz they've been saying it for years.
>> They're really beating that drum right
now. [laughter]
>> They are big liars.
>> Same same story for 50 70 years now. We
have this. We saw that. My friend saw
it. I saw a letter. Here's another
letter. I saw I saw I saw that's all you
hear. But you never see
>> Yeah. That's what's so strange.
>> Never.
>> Yeah.
>> Difference to me. I'm sharing it.
>> You know, I tell you there's orbs there
and then we go out and we see them,
>> but I'm not labeling it. And
>> do you feel like cuz I think on Tron
Ryan's show, Diana Pulka spoke about
your experience almost as if you had
been like messed with or something. Do
you feel like you've been
messed with or manipulated in any way or
>> No. Um I think the phenomena has a way
of doing things to trick you.
>> You know, you hear Jos right about the
trickster. Well, that's not a bad thing.
I think it's like the adjustment bureau.
Same thing. I if if Jesse if you if you
want to go this direction,
it might it might trick you to make you
go in the opposite direction.
>> So it's kind of controlling your path.
>> So um that would be
>> yeah view of that. But you don't feel
like um the intel world has tried to
shade your perception of things in any
way?
>> I think they have. Okay.
>> Yeah. They had from the beginning they
they tried to make me believe in flying
saucers and little green men.
>> Really?
>> Yeah. And I kept telling them, "No, it
wasn't like that."
>> Interesting.
>> It wasn't like that.
>> But that So who who was trying to kind
of implant those ideas?
>> Well, hundreds of people within the
government. I've met hundreds
>> really.
>> And they all go back to that, you know,
was you know, here, you know, I got
labeled a religious fanatic because I
said it was spiritual. I've been saying
it was spiritual for 19 years.
>> And so they were really adamant about,
hey, like let's spin this towards this,
you know, kind of alien extraterrestrial
thing.
>> Yeah. Constantly alien, alien, alien.
What you're seeing is negative, bad.
>> Really?
>> Yeah.
>> That's pretty crazy.
>> That's not cool.
>> No, it's not cool.
>> So, how do you explain that? what's
happening there where you have these
spooky people coming into your life
telling you that what you saw was alien
when you know it wasn't and then you
have somebody like Jim Semivan who's
very high up at the CIA who seems to pro
I assume knows a lot about a whole lot
of national security things outside of
the UFO issue
>> but the UFO issue he's gone very deep on
for decades
>> right
>> and he's being kind of an honest actor
and telling you you know you experience
what you experienced do you think he was
you so honest with you.
>> Yeah. Jim.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. You know, I have a deep uh care
for Jim and he does my family as well
and we've shared a lot of stuff. I know
about his story and Debbiey's his wife
and um so you think they're factions
like how do you make sense of the fact
that you have one half of Intel world
spinning you're attempting to spin your
story and like kind of manipulate you
and then you have another half that just
seems kind of like good-hearted.
>> Well, it's kind of it's kind of like
this. There's a group of lower level
guys that have a mission to do
>> disinformation
push a certain narrative but you know
the people I'm meeting are heads of
their department not necessarily this
low-level guy I'm talking the head of
the director of operations like Jim was
at the CIA he was James Bond that's who
he was or
>> director of operations.
>> Yeah. Whoa.
>> Jim was Yeah.
>> What is that like ranking of the ran the
whole northern hemisphere. Whoa.
Everybody answered to him. Yeah. That's
who he is. Very powerful guy.
>> And his friends, I've met a lot of them
from,
you know, the deputy director and and
when you talk to these guys in private,
they pick your brain and you start
learning more that um they're learning.
They want to know.
>> That's that's what I've come to the
conclusion of. You know, everybody's
like, "Oh, it's a sci up." And they're
trying to, you know, manipulate blah
blah blah blah.
>> And I I I've not been probably in as
many of these rooms as you have, but
I've been in some of them,
>> I'm sure.
>> And I'm f they're like, they're like
we're fans and we're they're like trying
to piece stuff together through I used
to be so afraid. I would do certain
interviews. I'd break certain stories
and I'd be like, "Oh, I got too close to
the truth. They're going to they're
going to come after me." And then now
I'm like, "Oh, they're probably learning
alongside me." and like using, you know,
the stuff I'm learning and through open
source research like for their own
[laughter] or whatever.
>> Well, for the most part, they're they're
um they truly are people like us and
they want to know, but there's a program
of guys that's
involved in the UFO world keeping that
going. But the do you think is there
some cuz you met you open the book
talking about John Alexander,
>> right? John Alexander also seems to show
when people experience paranormal things
like the Hutchinson effect. You know,
John Hutchinson, California
sort of, you know, metallic equipment
seems to hover and like, you know,
malfunction around him. It seems to have
like all these electromagnetic anomalies
emitting from his body. Um, you you
know, other cases, John Alexander will
kind of consistently show up. Um, I
think he's briefed on thing like I think
he knew about Rendleshim before anybody
else.
>> Yeah, he did 100%. John is
>> What's his deal?
>> John has been, let's just say, he's
probably the number one researcher in
the paranormal world for the US
government. Has been for many, many
years.
>> His wife is works studying religion
>> as a part of this. and he's been to 90
92 countries
>> doing um research into everything from
churches to ceremonies in Mongolia the
reindeer herders you know the reindeer
monk he they rode horses a 100 miles and
do you think he has a pure agenda or do
you think that
>> he has an agenda to find the truth and
but he he does often he'll see these
things And then he'll kind of
semi-debunk them. And I don't think he
did in your case, but I think in other
like, you know, the Hutchinson thing,
he'll show up and he'll be like, "Well,
it kind of works at sometimes, but it's,
you know, like if you read his writing,
it's often like
>> it's not as magical as you think." Sort
of thing. like he kind of like, you
know, but John's more in line of um
he don't look at the physical thing as
being the the truth of it or the alien
thing as being the truth of it. He
doesn't see it that way. He he's more
about it's more that's too easy. It's
far more complex than that.
>> This thing does uh it for example
in the 1800s, 1700s, go back and read
all the reports on UFOs, people were
seeing, I read a story of a a sailing
ship with glowing sails flying over
London and an anchor comes out and snags
a chimney and breaks the top off of a
chimney. Yeah.
>> A boat. A flying boat. Right.
>> So, here's these flying ships, uh, sky
ships they called them, for many, many
years. In fact, the first report that
I've heard of in America was Aurora,
Texas. It was a sky ship that crashed
into the wind tower. Right.
>> 1897.
>> And they buried an alien there. You know
where they buried him?
>> Where?
>> In my family. Right beside my family
cemetery.
>> Really?
>> Yeah.
>> That's weird.
>> That is really trippy.
>> The Masonic cemetery.
>> What?
>> Yeah.
>> So, do do you have other trippy things
like that in your family history? Yeah,
quite a bit of stuff. Tim was the one
that started that research with me way
back at Diana. Yeah.
>> So Tim is sort of an heir in some ways
to John Alexander where he's also doing
a lot of this sort of paranormal
research.
>> But what's so interesting to me is he
has a functional job at NASA, too.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Well, that's part of his
job.
>> Wow.
>> Do you think that space like our space
travel program is somehow related to
studying these paranormal things?
Yeah. How do you think it's really
>> where you heard him talk about when you
were speaking about creating investing
in a rocket company? It's up to them,
right?
>> I don't know. You know, [laughter] I I I
know the history of rocketry, you know,
and I know Jack Parsons thought he was
in touch with, you know, other beings
and literally saw like a what you could
describe as a Nordic alien woman, you
know, while he was testing rockets, you
know, in California. uh in the Mojave
Desert. I know that Tilowski, the
Russian equivalent, thought he was in
touch with angelic beings. Herman
Oberth, you know, the the father of the
German rocket rocket program. All of
them thought that
>> thought they were angels. Yeah.
>> So, but then I also know Elon Musk, you
know, kind of dismisses the whole alien
thing and
>> well, how Pab and Meer told me. And
before I tell you that, we'll go back to
the flying ships, right? In 1947,
Kenneth Arnold sees uh these little
chevrons flying about and they were kind
of moving freely and you know half a
dozen of them. And the reporter says,
"Well, how did they move, Kenneth?" And
he said, "Well, if you took a saucer out
of the cupboard and you threw it and it
skipped on the water, he said, "That's
the way they look." Well, the reporter
said, "Ah, Kenneth Arnold sees flying
saucers, right?" So it goes out on the
news. AP wire now billion plus people
has it implanted in their brain and for
the next 50 years what did they see?
>> Saucers.
>> Flying saucers. Where'd they go?
>> Yeah.
>> Where are they?
>> Right. Then comes a triangle in the 80s
or 90s. All of a sudden everybody's
seeing triangles.
>> Yes.
>> Then I come along in 07. These big balls
of fire come. Mine's like, "What were
they?" I said, "I don't know. They
weren't flying saucers. They were they
were light. They were like orbs. And so
that kind of [snorts] hung it. And from
2000 the last 19 years, it's been orbs.
So our perception of something celestial
and in some almost like other world
platonic realm that we can't understand
or comprehend is being sort of shaded by
basically media by like our
>> the memes that we have in our head.
>> Right.
>> That's fascinating. And to anybody, this
is such a cool conversation to have with
you because I think some people throw
around the term like scop w like with
you and stuff and I'm like the fact that
you're saying all this stuff is like so
oppos the opposite of like somebody
who's dogmatically like you know
>> proposing the kind of extraterrestrial
hypothesis. It's like
>> you're basically saying like we're in
some
>> limited, you know, epistemological realm
or whatever and we're seeing something
that's unexplained. And that's a humble
claim. I don't think that's
>> Yeah. And I'm not here to label it cuz I
I would be lying if I told you I knew.
Yeah.
>> All I can tell you is 19 years of
patterns.
>> I can tell you that I get a lot of
people that call me that want to tell me
their story. I've cover my book empowers
these people. And I get this little lady
calls me one night. It's just for an
example.
>> And she's like
um
she said, "I saw this ball of light go
by my kitchen window. Can um and I hear
she said she said she's 80ome. She said,
"I hear tell you're the person that
would know about these things." I said,
"Well, yeah. um I try to help you, you
know, so tell me what happened. She
said, "I was washing dishes and it came
up to the window and it scared me and it
went away." I said, "Well, what was
going on with you right then?" She said,
"I was washing dishes." I said, "No,
what was your life like?"
And soon as she said it, I knew it's the
same story for 19 years over and over
and over and over a thousand times. is
my husband died
>> the week before [snorts]
>> and it's always the same. People start
seeing this stuff. I had a near death.
>> Uh my daughter died, my mom died, my son
died or something
>> horrible.
>> I think it's always that way. It's
almost like um I think about it them
showing up at nuclear sites which they
seem to show up at and if there was some
Archimedes lever point of most leverage
to shift timelines on like a glo global
scale it would be there and then in
somebody's life maybe you'd show up at
peak highs and peak lows and sort of the
the you know peaks and the valleys or
something
>> right
>> and I I wonder if that's the case. I
wonder if
>> is that anecdotally your case? I mean,
do you think people even in in like kind
of peak states also see them? Because
that's that's been my anecdotal
understanding.
>> Yeah, I think it's possible, right? But
I do know that the majority of the
people witnessing this now is different
because
it it's coming. It's revealing itself
and there's no stopping that. It's going
to reveal itself completely.
uh and and it's what it's doing is
cracking people's consciousness just a
little bit
>> makes you think you know it may not
convert that person but it it they're
like oh my god there is something out
there so it's expanding our
consciousness
>> do you think other people think that you
are the Messiah
>> I've been asked yeah but I don't see
that I'm just a poor guy that had uh has
had a hard time Yeah. And uh it's not
been easy. It's been a burden more than
anything. And I'm just a messenger. I
know that I can share this with people
and after I do then it's yours. You can
you can connect with it from then. So
it's not like something that I have.
It's something that everybody has a
right to. Um,
do you feel like you you have an
understanding of metaphysics that's
deeper than the average person's? Like
is it is there some sort of thing that
you can relay about how the world works?
>> No, I'm still trying to figure that. But
um,
in a nut in a shell, I know that we're
not in control.
that our thoughts are completely
understood by something above us that
knows everything about you. It knows
your heart. It knows your intentions
and it will guide you or it will tear
you down if you're going the wrong way.
>> That's the trickster part of it.
>> But is that bad? You know, it's intended
for you to marry this person, not that
one. It might
do what it takes to get you to meet this
person.
>> So fascinating.
>> Yeah.
>> And it's your job to be receptive and to
kind of ride the ride the wave or listen
to the synchronicities or
>> Yeah, that's what I do. I listen to the
synchronicities, but it's my job is to
share
a truth that uh everyone's been told is
not real. M and uh I I I caught so much
problem from the community
in 2007 when this happened. Half my
family, twothirds of my family I quit
speaking to my own cousins and family
and it was because they wouldn't believe
me or I was being accused of messing
with the devil, right?
And so they actively got hard on me and
tried to remove my children from me.
That was early on, right after it
happened. And so I kind of took offense
to everyone and I made a vow then. I'm
going to prove them all wrong. I'm going
to prove the world wrong. That's what I
said. Made that.
And I worked on it pretty hard for 19
years of revealing something that nobody
says is real. And what that is, I can't
tell you with 100% certainty, but I can
tell you in 19 years of uh patterns and
never no harm to me or anyone else that
has experienced this, and I've shared it
with thousands of people.
>> Do you think that the idea of disclosure
is kind of a misnomer? It's the idea
that the government can disclose some
sort of like metaphysical truth that
they have this asymmetric understanding
of. Yeah, I think we're in post
disclosure.
>> Is disclosure is not an announcement.
They're never going to give you the
secrets. You know, if they have a
machine, you're not going to see it. And
I wouldn't want them to because somebody
else could get a hold of and it could be
terrible, right? So, it's national
security.
They they're never going to give you
that. So, they're just going to give a
talk all the time. We have we seen we
have disclosure is a one person at the
time awakening.
Suddenly you see it's real. You saw an
orb. Oh my god. What was it? I don't
know what it was but it wasn't an
airplane and it stopped and it came up
to me and it flashed me and it went
away. Well, that absolutely changes
everybody's
world paradigm. it just is just
completely changes and sets you on a
different course. And so awakening or
disclosure is for those there's a lot of
people that's already
dead. And
>> so I don't think the government's going
to ever announce anything. They're just
going to keep telling you we have this
or we saw that and make people get
curious and start investigating. M what
do you think people's relationship
should be to
your story? Because on the one hand you
were cured of Crohn's disease
>> and I know you've had some other
physical challenges since then but
that's a really major thing that kind of
you were alleviated by and presumably
linked to this kind of you know amazing
event in in in January of of 2007.
Do you think people can experience
spontaneous healings and should they
should they go for that or should they
go for the like incremental kind of more
deliberate thing like is that it it
feels like catching
>> catching lightning in a bottle, you
know, like how how can that
>> how can that happen in a repeatable way
unless Jesus is real or something and
can heal us? [laughter]
>> Well, I said earlier maybe we have our
own power to heal ourselves. We just
don't know it. And um
>> do you feel like you healed yourself in
that instance or they healed you?
>> I think they healed me and I think that
they will heal uh or they can
they can heal you. I've seen it too many
times. I've seen it happen in Australia
>> over the phone
>> long distance. That's it. And magic
happens at that point. And I don't claim
that as me doing it. I'm just the
mediator guy. I just I just present her
picture to that.
>> Yeah. So, you know, it's all thought and
intention. Our thoughts are very
powerful and our intentions.
>> I know they are. Yeah, they really are.
And they uh
everything was once a thought. And uh I
think thoughts have a much greater
effect on reality than just uh thought
converts to action which produces this
mechanical sort of you know pinball
machine which ends up doing a thing.
There's clearly something else going on
that I think will be proven out by
science.
>> I think you're right there.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. Do you think that um there's a
space program involving consciousness
that's deeper than because you think
about you know there's this you know
17th century Swedish mystic Emanuel
Swedenborg and he described you know
going up into the cosmos and seeing all
these you know stars and planets and
>> you've had out-of body experiences and
you've been to the Monroe Institute
>> right
>> if I was forming some you know sleeper
cell space program that might be able to
traverse farther than just NASA nuts and
bolts craft.
>> Right?
>> If you believe remote viewing is a real
modality, you have to believe some sort
of astral space travel is also real.
>> It is real.
>> So, do you think there's some sort of
vital program in the government that
involves consciousnessbased space
travel?
>> I think they've attempted that and still
are trying to.
>> They have to have.
>> Yeah. And you even watch Carl Sean's
Contact and it's like that's kind of
what you're touching on.
>> Exactly.
>> You know,
>> or you you know uh Christopher Nolan who
you read you watch Interstellar and then
you read the physics of Interstellar by
Kip Thorne and it's like
>> if anybody was kind of dripped some
interesting info,
>> right?
>> It probably would have been, you know,
Nolan,
>> right? And it's just so fast. It's like
this fifthdimensional space
that you know where you can where you
can travel kind of maybe between
timelines and then when you die you're
able to you know traverse that. And it's
sort of hard to talk about a lot of
these things but that's a big one. You
know I I believe when we die that based
on photo evidence I have. You may have
some of that that I shared with Anna.
>> Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We Yeah. In fact,
it's going to come out on our pod where
she shows some really interesting
photos.
>> Well, you see photos with people in them
>> were children or animals.
>> Where did I get that? How did I get
those? And this was right after the lady
came. And at that time, I didn't have a
video camera. I had a cell phone with
the flip phone, right?
But I went out and bought a little
pocket camera, a little inmatic,
and I started taking just every night. I
I I wasn't able to get anything before,
but from that point forward, I did. And
it's like my dog died. I wrote about
this in the book. I was with Tim at Cape
Canaveral for a week [gasps]
and some guys from the NRO and we were
meeting and had a launch and had been
there all week and it was Saturday.
Launch finally went off Saturday.
Delayed all week.
My wife knew I was coming home at Sunday
morning or Sunday night. I was going to
leave after the launch Saturday night.
Get up Sunday morning, drive home.
[gasps]
So at 4:00 it was over. I said, Tim, I'm
going to Fedville. So I got my car and I
took off.
Didn't tell anybody. Drove all night
long. All night. Pulled over to rest
area. It's 13 hours right from my house
to there. Pulled over and took a nap.
8:30 Sunday morning, I drove in the
yard. When I drove in the yard, I knew
immediately
that my Labrador was dead.
I knew it. I knew it. I can't tell you
how I knew it, but I knew it. Just came
right into my mind. I saw it all. I felt
it.
My kids and family had buried her in the
backyard three days before. Never told
me cuz they didn't want me upset, right?
It was like my child, this 90 lb
labador, female named Nelly.
I opened the front door and walked in.
My wife's asleep at the front door on
the in the living room on the couch.
House full of kids. They've been up all
weekend. They had invited all their
friends. So, mom kind of would stay near
the front where all the bedrooms were.
for our little girl that had she's the
only girl, right? So mom's doing she's
doing her patrol to keep any boys away
from her. That's what mom's doing. So I
walk in the door and I open it. She
looks up at me. I said, "What happened
to my dog?" And her eyes got big and she
said, "Oh my god, how did you know?" I
said, "Well, I felt her."
She said, "Well, she ran out in the road
and got run over by a car and uh we
buried her in the backyard.
So I took and I thought about it all day
and that night I thought she don't know
she's dead. That's how I knew it because
when I turned off the road right where
she was killed, it just kind of felt her
and saw her in my thoughts.
So I took a little white candle, I went
out to her grave and I lit it and I told
her, I said, "You, I'll be with you
again. Just go to the light." And she
comes up out of her grave in a little
ball of light. and I took that picture
and that's how I got that.
>> Wow,
that's amazing.
>> Yeah. And you should have a copy of it.
>> I would love to see that. Yeah, we could
put that up for you.
>> So, what does that tell you? You know,
what does that tell you? And I've got
people, lots of people and children. In
fact, I have a child. My wife and I lost
a child. We have four, but we lost a
child. And
I was out thinking about him. And um
this lonely orb there it comes [snorts]
and I took a picture of it and and there
was a child.
>> Yeah.
>> In the orb.
>> In the orb. And this is my screenshot.
>> Wow. [sighs]
>> I'll show you.
>> Oh my god. That's a real photo.
>> That's a photo of a child and it's a
ball of white.
That's a real photo.
>> Yeah,
>> that is amazing.
>> So, what does that tell you? I believe
that when I think that we're in a
simulation or we're in this avatar
that uh we experience time because of
our body,
>> but beyond the body, there is no time.
And I think when we die that we go back
to that eternal place which is in church
they tell you it's somewhere way far
away but I think it's just around us.
>> Yeah.
>> Well there's time is created by the mind
and the body and time is the most used
noun in the English language but nobody
knows how to define it without respect
to the movement of bodies or things.
It's always something defined relative
to something else. So if if if you're
doing that over and over again, then it
has to be this soup that you're swimming
in where you can't get out of it.
>> Exactly.
>> You're like in in water and you don't,
you know, it's like this David Foster
Wallace speech where he goes, "This is
water." You know, it's like you're
you're you're a fish in water. You have
no idea what you're in. We're in this
stream of time. There's no way out of
it. There's no way to talk about it. And
really, you know,
>> there's no words for it.
>> There's no words for it. That photo is
amazing. Yeah.
>> Can we show this to like a a NASA photo
instrumentation person?
>> Yeah, I don't care. A lot of them have
already seen it.
>> Okay.
>> I tell you, I was at this just to tell
you how it is with NASA. I was at I was
in a Capitol Hill Club.
>> Mhm.
>> When the when the uh when the hearing
the recent hearing that happened, right?
>> Yeah. and and in fact it was Anna Brady
and a bunch of those friends of hers and
um without using names and um we were
having ordurves with with Eric Burlson
and Anna Luna, right? And afterwards we
went out and did a skywatch on the the
um Library Congress, right? We were up
on the platform and suddenly this orb
appears and for 45 minutes it did
figure8s over the cap in the white
house.
>> So and Berles saw it.
>> No, Berles weren't there. He had gone
home but Anna was there.
>> Was there
>> and a whole group of other people. Eric
Zidak from uh PG& Power.
>> Um Donna Roberts from the International
Space Station. She was standing next to
me. uh others I can't say their name but
they've come out publicly this group
excuse me Tracy McIll she's a an analyst
for the
DOA DoD I think
>> whoa
>> fascinating
>> so they all got to experience it while
we were having dinner you were talking
about NASA people
>> this guy walks up and he's he gives me a
big hug he said Chris I'm a huge fan and
he introduced me to his son. We'd never
met, right? But he was one of the
highest ranking guys at NASA. He walks
up and hugs me and says, "I'm a huge fan
of yours."
>> NASA was Yeah. So,
>> why is NASA publicly
>> It's their policy.
>> The people there, the people there are
just like me and you. It's so funny
because it's like you see the them
publicly and it's like they're doing
this thing on three Atlas and it's like
the photo is the resolution of it's like
you're looking at a lamp post like a
lamp, you know, on on on a it's like a
street light or something like it's
horrible. And amateur astronomers are
getting better stuff. Exactly.
>> And then privately they're going to you
saying we're we're big fans.
>> Yeah.
>> So interesting.
>> Ain't that crazy?
>> It is crazy. It's a little frustrating.
It's like can you close can you split
the
>> close the gap a little bit between your
public and your private you know
>> perception. One thing Howal told me how
Bob and
>> my
>> we were we loved him. My children loved
Howal
>> because he became you know my dad died
in 2013 and he howal came in 2008 and
>> you just showed up at your door, right?
>> Yeah. Knocked on the door in your door.
>> And so he'd come three or four times a
year and stay a week at the time. And uh
his biggest thing was my children. He
would they would bring school friends
over and he'd have a big you know he
loved kids so he'd pull out massed on
teeth and tech tights and it was just a
big party of science and he loved that.
But
how told me he died in 2019.
He died in 2019. He was coming to our
house for Thanksgiving. He and Katie
[gasps] and he fell and hit his head and
went in a coma and never woke up. Right.
But he told me right before he died, he
said, "Chris, I want to tell you one
thing."
He said, "I've wondered for many years."
He said, "What this phenomenon is? Oh, I
know all about it." He said, "You know,
I've seen it all." [gasps]
He said, "But we've always been on the
fence of what it is we're dealing with."
But he said when I I know now to me it's
um he believed it was angelic. It was
>> they were always on the fence of what it
is.
>> But [gasps]
>> he observed it with me a lot and saw its
nature and how it would react to certain
words and certain prayer.
>> And was he religious? Well, um, he
wasn't religious at all, but he was
toward the end of his life, he became
>> Yeah. very open in prayer and stuff.
>> That'll make you religious. Tim Taylor
had a conversion right at the Vatican
where he converted to Catholicism.
>> Exactly.
>> It's fascinating.
>> So, that's where this thing takes you.
It takes you down that that path. If you
interact with it, it will. There's an
apocryphal quote that's often attributed
to Warner Heisenberg and uh you know he
was this amazing physicist but it was
also in charge of the German nuclear
program under the Nazis but uh but also
a much deeper philosophical guy and he
regretted his kind of role in that
stuff. And he says um the first sip of
the bottle you know uh of science makes
you an atheist but when you get to the
bottom you find God at the bottom.
That's where Hal was at the end.
>> Yeah, that's what it sounds like.
>> Yeah, exactly what it was. Yeah,
>> that photo you showed me with the child
in the orb, that looks exactly like in
2001 Space Odyssey at the end of the
movie where Bowman
>> he's, you know, going up on the ship and
then he
>> he ends up
I don't know what happens, but there's
this it's this weird bizarre sural scene
and you see the the monolith and then
all of a sudden it cuts to this baby
hovering over the earth in this like orb
capsule thing.
>> Crazy, right?
>> And I watched that. I remember watching
that. It's one of those things where I'm
like, I am too unenlightened and dumb to
know what this means, but I know it
means something.
>> And that's what a lot of the UFO topic
is. It's like the sound of the uh one
hand clapping, the Zen Cohen. You're
like, and it just makes you want to go
further and you're like, you see
something, you're like, you don't quite
know what it means, but you're like
that. There's something about that.
They're saying this. It's a and if
anybody knew kind of, you know, some
deeper truths about reality, like I do
think Arthur C. Clark, Stanley Kubric,
guys like that were tapped into
something deeper.
>> And so that photo tripped me out cuz I'm
like, what did what did they know? And,
you know, is that photo, you know,
somehow lining up with what they knew?
>> I think they probably knew a lot more
than they had to. And the government
knows a lot more. But this everybody
that's anybody in the ranks wants to see
this stuff. They want to know about it.
>> Yeah, I believe it. Who wouldn't?
>> Yeah.
>> Does the stuff you know about the dark
side of the moon point towards sort of a
simulated
world?
>> Yeah,
>> it does.
>> Yeah.
>> Well, then then you get into these
things around like why why can't we have
disclosure?
>> You can't say that official if you're in
some like official government position.
You can't you cannot say like I would I
I want as much disclosure as as humanly
possible but like if you're Trump that
might be tough that might be a tough
one. You go up there on the podium you
go
>> we're in a simulated [laughter]
universe.
>> Yeah. Right.
>> You're you're you're uh everything is
you're in a karmic whirlpool where you
get stuck. You experience the same thing
over and over again but with a different
veneer. time is actually an illusion and
that veneer is just
>> the changing of memes that are implanted
in your head by some alien thing. Like
if you start to go deeper into that,
>> where does that lead? Where's that lead?
That leads to a very, you know, and I I
think we might be headed there anyways.
I don't think we need authority figures
necessarily to say these things.
>> I think we're [clears throat] going to I
think what's going to happen is that
basically the way I see this is
consciousness is just one big unified
field, right? It's is all one
>> and everything that exists is in that
one
>> from the ghosts to the aliens or to the
angels and to us.
>> And I think we're in the process of
rolling humanity is rolling into
>> that next dimension. In other words,
it'll be a world of um where we all in
it where we see it more and it's part of
our reality is shifting and when it's so
fascinating.
>> Yeah.
It's so interesting. It's so fun to talk
to you because I I think a lot of people
have said, "Oh, like it's like you're
too open-minded or something is the, you
know, the the critique or something."
And I have a lot of critiques hurled at
me, so don't take that personally.
>> But uh
>> I I I think so. I think if you believe
in the parasychology stuff, which I do,
that there's some sort of mind matter
connection.
>> Absolutely. Then I think there's a
correlation between openness and your
effect on the material world or like
your what you perceive as well,
>> right?
>> And so I think inherently there will be
at times errors made due to that
openness because you're sifting in in
this area that is so uncharted.
>> Exactly. But you're also gonna like, you
know, come upon like really core deep
truths. And I don't know if you can have
one without the other. And so, you know
what I mean?
>> Yeah. 100%.
>> Like, like, you know, I'm sure I've
explored all sorts of like crazy stuff,
but but in reality, I think it, you
know, I think my worldview is actually
sometimes crazier than I can even
communicate via the show. And it's
really about catching people up, you
know, epistemically. and like taking
people through this like rigorous like
well let's start with the foundation
like that photo is real it's been
verified you know like you need to do
that
>> because we're in this materialist
reductionist scientific paradigm
>> right
>> um but and and and you'll make a lot of
you know errors along the way but yeah
it's this really kind of hard thing
because you you make one error and you
get these kind of debunker skeptic types
and they'll just hang on that one error
for the whole and It's like they're
seeing what they want to see.
>> Well, the thing people give these
debunkers and skeptics too much
>> power.
>> Yeah.
>> I avoid I don't even pay them attention.
>> To me, they're just uninformed.
>> Well, I think the thing that deflates
them too is like I'll admit like I've
gotten a whole a ton of stuff wrong like
and I hope I hope you would admit that
too.
>> I have. I changed. You know, we learned.
>> Yeah. That's right. Yeah. Yeah. And as
long as you can adapt with new
information that comes in, you know,
then
>> this is all it's it's it's really new
territory. So,
>> well, there's there's no book.
[laughter]
>> There's no there's no vocabulary for
this. None.
>> It's all invisible and we have to create
a vocabulary for it. And we got to put a
story to it, right? As humans do that.
So, you're constantly adjusting that as
you go. and pulling all the information
together and down the road you think
well what you thought before is not
correct you know so it could be
different so I leave an open mind to it
I try not to label it but I will go so
far as to say [gasps]
uh that it's been benevolent and I've
seen healings from it and I know how it
answers when I say certain words
it gets excited
>> which words The lady.
>> Really?
>> That's all you got to say.
>> The lady.
>> Interesting.
>> Yep. When you start talking about her
and I can do this. I could take a group
of people outside at night. I've done it
over and over and over. Take a mic if we
got a big enough group.
And it's pretty it's gotten pretty
simple because and I shouldn't say it's
simple as it's complex, but still it's
happened so much that it's uh it's
pretty crazy. Do you think there are
pockets air pockets of consensus
reality? And what I mean by that is like
do you think you know the Mandela
effect?
>> Yeah. So this idea that you know um a
lot of people in the 90s thought that
Mandela died in prison which he
obviously didn't you know
>> do you think that reality might work
more like that than we think and so
certain mystical experiences happen and
the people with eyes to see and ears to
hear experience it and then other people
walk away and they're like yeah I don't
there's a thing that happened or
whatever or you know or they like will
superimpose some prosaic explanation
upon upon the thing and reality itself
is far more fractured, malleable and in
the eye of the beholder than one.
>> Yeah. And it's changing. It's constantly
changing like the Mandela effect you you
talked about. One thing that surprised
me is uh my wife and I have been married
43 years, right? So our honeymoon was in
New York City. We'd never been there,
either one of us.
We had a plan. We wanted to see see the
train station, Grand Central Station,
right? So, we go to Grand Central
Station and we get photos and videos and
we took a helicopter ride and we did all
kind of things to experience New York.
[gasps]
And so, I'm looking at my old photos of
Grand Central Station, right? Well,
Google it now. It's not called that.
It's called Grand Central Terminal. And
it says it's never been called that.
>> But yet, I got photos of Grand Central
Station. written on the tag.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> But you see it now. It says Grand
Central Terminal. What's that about?
>> Well, they you know it's the the the
Flintstones, the Baronstees, Baronstein
Bears, all these things where people
swear that you know it was like one way
and then you you look at the record and
it actually looks like there's another
way. And um you know that it is this
really amazing phenomena and then you
get into deeper studies like there's
this neuroscientist Wilder Penfield
>> and you realize that you there is no way
of distinguishing between false memories
and true memories and he shows this in
with the ability to implant false
memories into mice and stuff
>> and then you get if there if there are
these beings and any thoughts can be
sort of implanted you get into really
weird onlogical territory where the pass
and even Schroinger himself would say a
particle is measured in the present, you
know, it might change its past,
>> right?
>> And you get into retrocausality in
quantum mechanics, there's obviously
spooky action at a distance, but there's
also spooky action across time, right?
>> It seems like um if you have two
entangled photons
>> and two double slit experiments run with
those d, you know, entangled photons,
seems like photon B that you're doing
the experiment with two days in the
future. If you measure that and you
don't measure the first one, the
measurement of the one in the future is
affecting the one of the measurement in
the past.
>> Exactly.
>> There's a great book called bioentrism
that this guy Robert Lanza writes about
this stuff. So you get into really
trippy territory where the past becomes
the present is this constricted present
and but it's like an hourglass where you
get have probable futures and probable
pasts,
>> right? And the present is this
measurement sensor that is single line
of code updating the past and maybe
updating the future at the same time,
>> right?
>> And it's this very strange sort of
model, but you you there's no real way
to argue against that other than
physical artifacts. So if you have
physical artifacts around an event
happening, you can argue say this is
evidence that this happened this way or
this happened another way. If you have
conflicting physical artifacts where you
don't have physical artifacts, it's it's
totally one word against the other word
or you can get into like numbers of
people who believe one thing or numbers
of people that believe another thing,
but
>> we have no idea how reality works.
>> We have no idea.
>> We have we have a very limited we are
measurement sensors. And so, you know,
this idea that science is some onlogical
statement of truth like no, we're it's
the map. It's not the territory.
>> Exactly.
>> It's just, you know, we see like very
limited scopes of reality,
>> right?
>> And time is the weirdest thing of all.
>> Yeah. That that uh has messed with me
ever since I went there and saw that.
And now everything I dig up, it says it
was never called that.
>> Yeah. Grand Central. Yeah.
>> Sign Central Station. I was like, "Oh,
of course. Grand Central Station."
>> Go Google it now, though. It's It's not
that
>> Grand Central Terminal. It doesn't even
sound as good. Yeah, it's always been
named out according to this.
>> Yeah.
>> So, I don't know what that means, but it
was really
>> It really opened my eyes to how weird
this world we live in really is. Yeah. H
how do you juggle,
you know, a lot of these concepts might
seem crazy to the average person? How do
you juggle just facing,
you know, relationships, issues, things
in your own life versus these kind of
deeper celestial metaphysical truths.
Those two things seem kind of hard to
hard to juggle. I was talking to a
friend yesterday and he he has all these
teachers, you know, kind of in the
Eastern tradition. He's kind of his own
mystic in a sense
>> and I think I can say this actually. His
name is Duncan Trussell and he's a you
know, I I I actually just met him. He's
an amazing comedian, but I felt a
kinship with him.
>> And um he he talked he said his teachers
all
>> um said that like and these are like
eastern you know kind of Buddhists say
that you know they know that the
celestial realm exists but they ignore
it because what we need to do is here on
earth we have these because this kind of
karmic path laid out in front of you.
So, I'm sure a lot of people have this
sort of escapist orientation towards
this this subject where they say, "Oh, I
will well take me up on the craft, you
know." So, how do you reconcile those
two things?
>> I don't I mean, it's like it's just it's
mindbending the whole thing. I'm still
grappling with with that, you know, to
this very day. And I focus on
um
right now my main focus is on the
Rosetta Stone.
>> Really? Why is your focus on the Rosetta
Stone?
>> Because I believe that I can find I
think I can get there. I think I know
it's talking. I know it is. I know it's
talking multiple ways.
Not just telepathically because that's
hard to to prove or explain, but I'm
sure it's talking through
frequency
>> through the light pulses of light
>> um with the right sensors and even some
sort of Morris code or something
multiple ways is trying to communicate.
I've seen it. I know it. And I think one
day we'll get there. You think the
Rosetta Stone is trying to communicate
with you? I think the phenomenon
is trying to talk to us and to find that
Rosetta Stone, you know, that's just
>> Ros
>> the language. I want to find the
language of this
>> of the the beings.
>> Yeah. And it's it's putting it out right
now. It's talking. We just got to study
it. And I'm working on [gasps] a way to
do that.
>> Do you think their language is
discoveries? Like the discoveries we
make. Yeah. What do you think the
language is? Do you think it's a literal
symbols and hieroglyphics? Cuz people
say on the crafts that, you know, they
see these sort of hieroglyphics.
>> Yeah, I've heard biblical texts and all
on them, too.
>> And you think we'll be able to decode
this?
>> I think we can get actual real time
communication through the light and
through sensors if we can gather enough
data.
>> How would we do this?
>> Put it in a quantum AI computer. M.
>> And there's two of them that I could
probably get access to.
>> So, you're working on this?
>> I'm working on it. Yeah.
>> Have you decoded anything yet?
>> Not. Well, we're working on it. That's
all I can
>> Well, it sounds like you have decoded a
little thing.
>> Some some Yeah.
>> Anything you can give us?
>> Enough to get me going full time.
>> I'm saying anything you can give us as
far as hints as to what you decoded.
>> Well, just that I know it's there. And
um and I think we'll get there in the
next four or five years. Maybe maybe
longer.
>> Do do you think there's something
special about the pyramids that we'll
learn
>> soon or something? Cuz I mean one of
your experiences was around the pyramids
obviously Hathor.
>> I'm hearing that next year that uh that
something might be revealed from there.
>> What will it be? Well, without getting
ahead of what I was told this week, I've
been invited to go down there and u be
involved in something that is going to
release a something that was
hidden.
>> Interesting. And what [laughter]
something under the pyramids
>> possibly
>> like a like a little energy grid thing
or
>> I don't they didn't tell me that.
>> Okay.
>> They just invited me to be a part and
the Egyptian antiquities authorities are
part of it. M fascinating. Well, I just
interviewed the guy that did the
synthetic aperture radar Doppler
tomography scans of the structure under
the coffra chamber of the Giza pyramid
and
>> I can't say that's what it is. I can
just say I got a call from the right
people that
>> Okay.
>> wants me to be a part next year.
>> Well, that's exciting.
>> Yeah.
>> Very interesting.
>> So, I think something's coming from
there. That's going to be real
interesting.
>> Wow.
>> Like changing
thought changing. Wow.
>> Yeah.
>> Danny Jones, it was funny. Danny Jones,
I think, came into the your interview
with him, maybe a little skeptical, but
then he said he saw an orb with you
outside of a diner or something.
>> Well, he called me. He's like, "I want
you on my show." I'm like, "Danny, I'd
love to be on your show, but you got to
do something for me. Um, I want to come
a day or two early, and I want to make
you a believer, not a skeptic,
>> because our interview will go
differently if you're a believer." and
he said, 'Okay, okay. So, we flew down
and my daughter and I and uh my wife and
we had dinner there in Clear Water went
over to Indian Rocks Beach out on the
beach and he had his assistant with him
with a camera and [gasps]
I said, "Well, let's watch out of the
ocean cuz I can get it. I It appears up
out of the ocean." When I asked it, just
like out of the sky, it comes up out of
the sea. And suddenly, here it came. Two
of them. Wow. and he filmed it. We all
filmed it and was he freaking out?
>> Yeah. Wow. Yeah. Uh we did that last
week in in California with some pretty
amazing people.
>> Wow. He also Danny said he I think he
cut a small part of your interview where
you talked about a neuralizer like some
like machine that erased your memory
after seeing something.
>> Yeah. I had to not talk about that.
>> You're not supposed to talk about that.
But there is something like that that
you experience.
>> I saw the patents on it.
>> Really?
>> Yeah.
>> So, I mean, that's freaky if the
government has some something that can
do that. Let's just say they can
transmit chemicals through radio waves.
Can do you think they can transmit
thoughts through radio waves?
>> Yeah.
H It's kind of creepy. Well, then then I
then I get in all sorts of weird
territory like what you know what is is
the whole UFO phenomena some paranormal
plague from the thought transmission.
>> What what if you were to see this alien
appeared right here and you saw it and
you weren't supposed to.
>> What if it can shoot you with something
that would erase your thoughts that you
never remember?
>> So you think they can do they have the
aliens can do that or the the beings can
do that?
You do.
Why? Why are you high conviction in
that? Seems like something where
inherently if they can erase
>> Well, I kind of learned some stuff on
that and I saw the patents on it.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah.
>> And you think they're real patents?
>> Well, it was the US patent office
talking about it.
>> Damn.
>> It's kind of crazy.
>> But it's hidden away. It was stuffed
away somewhere. That Yeah. dangerous
technology. M
>> say they could shoot you with a
chemical, drugs or anything from 100
yards.
>> Some people a few people have come on my
show saying things like that. I just I I
never know what to make of it because
I'm like
>> it's just I don't know.
>> I don't want to I want that to be true.
>> That was from our original
conversations.
>> So with like Hal PMer
>> or with Tim Taylor.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay.
Very interesting.
>> Yeah. Well, I can tell you the world is
a weird place. I mean, just the fact
that you went to Zanesville, Ohio, did
you learn anything else about Towns and
Brown while you were out there? I never
knew who he was
until um I got to Zanesville with Tim
and then he began to unfold who he was
and how he was working with his daughter
to finish a book about her father. And I
learned the whole story as much as he
would tell me about his having visitors
come and land.
>> Did Tim Taylor believe that Towns Brown
made real anti-gravity breakthroughs as
a scientist?
>> I can't tell you he believed that or
not, but he felt it strong enough that
he was
Yeah, I think he
I'm speculating. Just Yeah. Have you
heard other stories of experiencers
being shown a piece of metal and
basically evaluated to, you know, to see
how they react to the metal?
>> Yeah. He told me there were only he'd
only ever seen two other reactions.
>> Did he mention who reacted to the metal?
>> He said, but it was nothing like what I
saw here.
>> Yeah. Well, you know, there's a story of
Warner von Braonn showing Yuri Geller a
piece of metal and he says it's that's
not from here. Veron Brown takes me into
his personal office. There's a safe in
the office. He opens the safe. I see a
piece of metal. I've never seen such a
color. Pulls it out. It's not heavy.
Says, "Uri, touch this. Tell me what you
feel." Now, I put my hand on it and I
say, "Vera, this is not from here." He
says, "You're right. This is a piece of
a UFO that crashed on our planet." You
know, [laughter] I'm mind blown because
as a child I used to sneak into movie
theaters in Tel Aviv to see films on
extraterrestrial life and this is coming
from the mouth of Verer von Brown
yourself.
>> Exactly. I saw some things about this
metal. Um fact I had a lot of photos of
it I had to delete. They were
classified. Right.
But I've seen some of it in real time on
a l on the microscope and
what I saw there were different types
and but it was moving the one piece and
I have a picture [gasps]
where it looks like a universe swirling
around and around with all the galaxies
and stuff inside. That's what the metal
the piece from Zanesville cut that
little sliver. That's what it looked
like actually moving. This other piece I
saw was red. It It appeared red, but it
were me thousands of little blocks,
little square blocks, and they were
self moving and stacking themselves.
>> They were moving in the material
>> like replicating or something.
>> What?
>> They were moving in the material.
>> Yeah. This material is like living
material. This is from Zanesville or
>> Well, it was a piece I saw. I assume it
was from Zanesville. The piece, not the
red. I don't where that came from, but
the green. I'll show you the green.
>> What?
>> Yeah. I'll show you the I don't have the
video of it, but I have a snapshot of
it.
>> I want to see that.
>> Yeah, I'll show it to you.
>> That is wild.
>> Yeah. [sighs and gasps] Wow.
>> Moving like a universe swirling around
and around.
And the the um
the the elements in that metal
I was told had 51 elements in it. And
the most classified most
we can only blend at that time he told
me about 15 elements. Humans could only
figure out how to make 15 elements
blend.
But this had 51. One of the elements was
human DNA. And he's like, "How'd that
get in there?" And plutonium. Who puts
plutonium in metal?
>> Wait, plutonium. Human DNA was in this
metal.
>> Yep. And plutonium.
>> Plutonium.
>> Yep.
>> What?
>> And he's like, "How do they put human
DNA in metal?" And then they figured out
in zero gravity how to to bond ceramic
to metal. And then they were able to put
human DNA into the ceramic. And now your
hip joints and all that, they don't fail
anymore. Just all in our medical
devices. Nobody realizes it as NASA's
because my understanding is most
manufacturing and space initiatives
haven't succeeded. Like there's a
company called Made in Space and it was
always this kind of academic project and
it never quite got off the ground. But
you could you could in zero G
>> do all sorts of things that you can't on
the ground,
>> right?
So, but you're you're saying there might
be some secret stuff going on.
>> Oh, sure.
>> Interesting.
>> Absolutely. But they were able to bond
ceramic to the metal and human DNA into
the ceramic. That's But they couldn't do
it. Whoever did it, however it was done,
we can't duplicate it. Wow.
Wow.
Well, Chris, this is a blast, man. I
love speaking to you and uh I think we
could we could go on all day, but I
there's so many threads I feel like I
need to follow up on just from this
conversation alone. So, we'll have to
run it back and maybe I can come to
Fagatville and
>> I would love for you to
>> That would be a blast, man. I appreciate
you come. In fact, um
>> maybe we get you to the coast like on
the beach for one couple three nights
and we'll get a group there and blow
your mind. That sounds amazing, man.
Count me in.
>> Absolutely.
>> Thank you for coming to Austin, Texas on
such short notice. And you know, uh I
know you travel a ton and so just coming
out here for a day really means a lot to
me.
>> Believe it or not, in the last three
weeks, I left Fedville, North Carolina.
I went to uh Orange County, met with
Sammy and a a group of guys, and then
went up to Hollywood, met Margot,
Robbie, and some other people. left
there, went back to North Carolina,
dropped my wife off, flew back to New
York, met some people there, took a
train down to DC,
uh met a whole group of met Anna and
some others there, then came home one
day and I'm back here. So, it's been
just burning the road up for three or
four weeks. And
>> wow,
>> that's why I called you last night. I
was so exhausted. I'm like, I'm tired.
I'm beat Jesse.
or I'd have been here last night with
you guys, you know, going to dinner,
skywatching or something.
>> Yeah. No, no, no worries. Well, this was
this was really fun. And no, we'll we'll
do it again and I'll come your way next
time. And that's a crazy schedule uh for
somebody who's already gone through all
the stuff you've gone through. So,
>> it don't end here. It goes for the next
18 days. I'm back to New York, to
Pennsylvania, to DC, and then to
Wilmington for the World Forum. And
yeah, I want to make sure I plug the
world for him.
>> Okay. What is that?
>> It's um it was created by McKill go
Gorbachoff back in the 90s in 95 to
2000. It was a 5-year
event that ended up in New York City
when they dropped the ball.
>> Bono was there. You two, they did the
opening.
But it was the the the leaders of the
world basically all came together to
talk about the Y2K because they thought
the world was in trouble, right? We had
to have a conversation.
And so now for the next five years this
year until 2030,
[snorts]
>> they're going to convene the World Forum
again and it'll be
um Abby Lo speaking, Dr. Diana Hennessy
Pal and there's about 30 or 40
30 speakers and they'll be
we were going to have it in DC at the
Omni Shores this year but because of the
travel and the flights and also we're
going to make it virtual this year and
um I'll be speaking on there time or two
but my big thing is on the 14th of the
15th 16th and 17th
We're going to have a group down on the
beach at Rightsville. [gasps]
Um about 40 of us doing a skywatch and
we're going to broadcast it through the
world forum.
>> Cool.
>> Through the world. Yeah.
>> Epic. All right. Well, go check that
out. Bye, UFO of God. And um yeah, keep
keep checking out cool stuff that Chris
does and I really appreciate you being
here, man.
>> Thank you, Jesse, for having me. It's
been too long, right?
>> It's been way too long. Long time
coming, but you know what? things happen
in their time and
>> that's right
>> I think there is the questions and the
conversation we had this time around is
going to be you know it's much better
than maybe what would have been a year
and a half ago or so
>> absolutely I've learned a lot since then
you know I've learned that I don't know
anything right
>> same with me man the deeper I get the
more I'm confused
>> yeah that's [laughter] I say it all the
time the more I learn the less I know
right
>> well that's that's literally true
because if you think of your knowledge
base as say it's like a sphere. Um the
sphere grows and then the the questions
are are the space around the sphere,
>> right?
>> So the questions are going to grow at an
exponent of the sphere growing,
>> right?
>> And so you the more you know, the more
you know, you don't know,
>> right?
>> And so yeah, I think the most
knowledgeable people I know are the most
epistemically humble and they're like, I
don't know, you know, because it just
gets more and more confusing.
>> It does. Like I say, there's no language
for this. So,
>> no,
>> each step you got to come up with
something different, you know?
>> Yes. But it's like if you if you're
getting if you're going into kind of
higher dimensional spaces or like where
there's more variables or more
information,
you do just have to have uh a better
sensor like a you know, you need to you
know, you need to be able to audit
yourself better. And uh so as
[clears throat] long as you can do that,
>> I learned that a long time ago,
>> you know, just
admit you don't know,
>> you know, don't label this thing and
[gasps]
and I try not to because I can't tell
you 100% certain anything. None of us
can. Nobody can.
>> Mhm.
>> I can tell you it's it's it's magical.
It's been beautiful and it's real. And
I'll leave it at that. And I can share
it with others. And if I can't, my
children can.
>> Yeah.
>> They have it in them the same. Do you
think there have been any attempts to
censor you on any other media or
podcasts?
>> A lot.
>> So like like how so?
>> Well,
>> and what's the motive? And Yeah. And
what's an example and what's the motive?
>> I think that um there's the narrative is
it's dark and ugly and e evil. Leave it
alone.
>> Yeah. But you have such a positive
healing story. Well, and that's why
>> and then uh Oh, it's they want it to be
this like
>> dark and ugly. Don't don't mess with it.
We might lose control of the people if
you mess if so they don't like me
sharing this at all.
>> Spirit,
>> I've been told that a thousand times.
>> Yeah.
>> I've been told two or three times,
you're you're doing disclosure.
>> Yeah.
>> Don't do we're going to do you're
getting ahead of us.
>> Yeah. any any examples of censorship
that you've like
>> Danny Jones
>> really
>> that video and a whole lot more
>> which what did Danny Oh Danny Jones is
the the videos getting throttled
>> yeah that was censorship
>> that thing was going to 150,000 views
>> what was it specifically that you think
got it
>> that was me mentioning about some
technology at
mission control
>> okay
>> and I I want to say that again.
>> Okay. Sure. Sure. Sure. Sure. Yeah.
Yeah. Got it. That's wild that
>> Yeah.
>> And that's crazy. You backtrack. You
kind of are back channelneled and you
figured out that NASA was literally
censoring.
>> Yeah.
>> Google or whoever's controlling that.
>> But they sent the word. That's what I
was told.
>> There there has to be a connection
there. Um
>> it's about a technology.
>> Yeah. Yeah, I mean uh Immaculate
Constellation, you know, which came out
in the Shelonburgger, you know,
testimony, you know, this this November
hearing.
Uh Immaculate Constellation had like a
search spike when David Grush came out
in I think August or September of 2023.
>> So, it's like how do you you can't make
that up, right? you know, and if if
that's the case, that's like, you know,
>> it's kind of what happened with me.
>> Interesting.
>> Yeah.
>> Interesting. Yeah. And then I think
there's a manipulation of Google Trends
because that then this guy Rob Jones uh
who I've gotten to know a little better
since then and seems very high trust,
high credibility. Um he uh he found the
spike and then the spike got deleted.
Yeah.
>> So, it's like if you're if you're
telling me that Google doesn't have
>> some sort of back door around special
programs being named,
>> they have a connection with the DoD
around that. You're crazy. Like, you're
the conspiracy there. Like, come on.
>> Yeah.
>> Well, yeah. And it happens to me all the
time.
>> Yeah.
>> I would have sold twice as many books
already. Guarantee you. They've cost me
a lot of book sales because of
>> um Chad Banning or
>> Yeah. Well, I think you're I think it's
piercing through. I think I think you
know a lot of people uh love your story
and are reading your book and I you know
whatever censorship may or may not be
occurring I I I don't think it's really
you know hampering you in a in a serious
way.
>> Right. Well, we're pushing through.
Right.
>> Yeah. They can't keep the light out,
right? The light gets too cracks and
>> Yeah. Well, that's this whole this whole
subject. It's like, you know, you do
don't don't take my don't distrust
everything I say or you say or anybody
else like that there's the world is I
think shifting in this sort of
>> 100%
>> serious way and like you know I I I I
fundamentally believe that and I see it
and I feel it. So
>> that's that new knowledge that's coming.
>> Yes. Well, on that note,
>> thank you so much, Chris. I appreciate
you.
>> Absolutely. Thank you, brother.
>> Cool.
>> Absolutely.
>> All right.